go to the 1st floor through the 3rd floor
go to landmark 3 but do not first pass through landmark 1 .
move to the first floor by going through the purple room
go through the orange room , then make your way to landmark 2 .
go to the third floor then move to the purple room .
go to the purple room , then proceed to landmark 3 .
go to the green room while staying on the second floor .
always avoid the red room and go to the purple room .
stay on the first floor while going to the yellow room .
avoid the green room , navigate to the orange room .
go to the yellow room through the 2nd floor
go to landmark 1 then go to the blue room .
go through the blue room before going to landmark 1
navigate to landmark 3 through the first floor .
go to the first floor but do not go through the orange room first .
go to the 1st floor through landmark 3
first go to the yellow room and then go to landmark 3 .
go to the 3rd floor but avoid landmark 1 .
go to the yellow room and if you have reached the yellow room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until you enter the red room .
always go through the purple room and then to landmark 2 .
avoid landmark 1 until after the green room
go from the second floor to the blue room
always avoid landmark 1 and go to the first floor .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark 3 and then stay in the blue room or continue to landmark 3
navigate through landmark 1 then go to landmark 3 .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through landmark 2
go to the purple room avoiding landmark 1. if you reached the purple room then you may go to landmark 1 .
move to the purple room and then the red room .
go to the third floor avoiding the orange room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the orange room
avoid the landmark 2 and go to the first floor .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark 2. if you reached the purple room , then you can proceed to landmark 2 .
avoid the purple room until going to landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room and avoid the blue room .
go from the 2nd floor to the orange room
always avoid landmark 2 and navigate to the green room .
always go through the green room before going to landmark 1 .
navigate to landmark 1 through the orange room .
stay on the first floor and go to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark 1
move to the second floor , travelling through landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 without leaving the green room .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark 3 and then stay in the orange room or continue to landmark 3
go to the red room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the red room then you may proceed to the purple room .
go through landmark 3 before going to the second floor .
always avoid going to landmark 2 through the yellow room
navigate to the green room by passing through the first floor .
go to landmark 3 and then the yellow room
go to the second floor then go to landmark 1 .
go to the purple room while always avoiding landmark 3
avoid landmark 1 and go to the first floor .
go to the third floor then go to the purple room
navigate to the green room but never go to the blue room .
first navigate to the blue room , then make your way to the purple room .
go through landmark 3 to the second floor .
avoid the orange room until you go to the yellow room .
go from the first floor to landmark 2 .
navigate to the third floor through the purple room .
go to the purple room without going to the blue room .
go to the red room without going through the orange room .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the orange room
go to landmark 2 but always stay away from landmark 3 .
go to the third floor avoiding landmark 1 .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark 2 .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the green room .
go to the second floor and then go to the purple room .
move to the orange room then continue to the green room .
stay away from the purple room and go to landmark 2 .
pass through the purple room before going to the third floor .
go to the blue room but do not enter the yellow room first .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark 3. if you reached the blue room then you may go to landmark 3 .
navigate to the second floor and avoid landmark 2 .
go to landmark 3 then landmark 1 .
go to the third floor then move to the red room .
proceed to landmark 1 , but never move outside of the green room .
go to the orange room via landmark 3 .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the red room .
go to the red room by first visiting landmark 2 .
navigate to the green room but never go to the red room .
go to landmark 1 then go to landmark 3 .
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the purple room
navigate to the red room before you go to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 1 by avoiding the green room and then stay there or continue to the green room .
first navigate to the yellow room , then make your way to the orange room .
navigate to the yellow room , always avoiding the orange room .
avoid the orange room until going to the red room .
avoid going through landmark 2 until you go through the purple room .
go directly to landmark 3 by only moving in the purple room .
always navigate to yellow room and then proceed to first floor .
go to the first floor , then navigate to the green room .
avoid the orange room until you go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 , avoid the red room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the blue room without ever leaving the second floor .
go to the green room without touching landmark 2 .
always go through the green room and then to landmark 3 .
without leaving the first floor go to the purple room .
stay in the blue room to navigate to landmark 3 .
go through landmark 3 on your way to the second floor .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the green room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark 2 .
avoid the green room until going through landmark 2 .
go through the orange room before going to the first floor .
go to the yellow room by touching the purple room .
go to the first floor but never go to the blue room .
go to the red room and then go to landmark 1 .
navigate to landmark 2 through the purple room .
go through the green room first , then go to the red room .
do n't leave the blue room and go to landmark 2 .
go to the third floor but never go to the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 through the red room
avoid the red room until landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the orange room .
go to the purple room only through the 1st floor
avoid landmark 3 and go to the second floor .
go directly to landmark 3 and do not leave the blue room .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the first floor .
go through the yellow room first , then go to the green room .
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the red room
navigate to the red room before you go to landmark 3 .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the orange room .
go through the orange room to the yellow room .
got to landmark 2 through the green room .
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the orange room
stay on the second floor to get to landmark 2 .
go from the second floor to the orange room .
go to the blue room through the first floor
always avoid landmark 1 and navigate to the red room .
navigate to the orange room before you go to landmark 1 .
first navigate to the red room , then make your way to the orange room .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the yellow room .
always avoid landmark 2 and go to the second floor .
move to the third floor without entering the green room .
avoid the green room and navigate to the orange room .
go to the 1st floor through landmark 1
avoid the green room until passing landmark 1 .
go to the yellow room and avoid the orange room .
always avoid the red room while navigating to the second floor .
avoid the yellow room until you enter the purple room .
go to the green room and then navigate to the orange room .
go to the red room through landmark 3 .
go to the red room through the blue room
go to the orange room by first going through the blue room .
go to landmark 3 but do not enter the red room first .
go to the blue room while always avoiding landmark 3
go directly to the red room without changing floors .
avoid the green room and go to landmark 1
go to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 1 but do not first go through the yellow room .
go to the red room by touching the orange room .
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the red room
go to the green room and then go to landmark 3 .
go to a spot in the green room , but do n't touch landmark 1 .
go to the 1st floor through the red room
avoid the red room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the red room , or just stay on the first floor .
go to the orange room without ever leaving the second floor .
navigate through landmark 3 to the second floor .
go from the green room to the orange room
first go to to landmark 1 then go to the blue room .
navigate to the third floor , and then navigate to the first floor .
go to the third floor and then head to landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark 2 and then stay in the yellow room or continue to landmark 2
first move to landmark 2 then navigate to the purple room .
go through landmark 1 to landmark 2 .
go through the purple room , then make your way to landmark 3 .
go to the green room and if you have reached the green room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the green room .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through the yellow room
move to landmark 3 without leaving the second floor .
avoid landmark 1 until navigating to the blue room .
go to the green room by first going through landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 before navigating to the third floor .
go to the blue room through the second floor .
move to the purple room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
go to landmark 2 after navigating to the second floor .
stay on the third floor and go to landmark 3 .
go to the orange room , then go to the green room .
go to the second floor by first going through the orange room .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the blue room .
avoid landmark 3 and move into the orange room .
avoid the blue room before you navigate to the third floor .
go to the orange room without going to landmark 1 .
go through landmark 1 and navigate to the green room .
go to landmark 3 and always avoid the yellow room
go to the yellow room without touching landmark 2 .
avoid the yellow room until going to landmark 1 .
stay on the second floor while going to the blue room .
go to landmark 2 avoiding the blue room . then go to the blue room or stay on landmark 2 .
go to the green room and then go to the orange room .
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the yellow room
go through the green room , then make your way to landmark 2 .
go to the 1st floor through the orange room
avoid the purple room until after you 've gone to the orange room .
avoid the blue room until reaching landmark 2 .
go to landmark 3 after navigating to the first floor .
go to the green room but do not enter the red room first .
go through the purple room to landmark 3 .
go to the yellow room by first going through landmark 3 .
go from 2nd floor to purple room .
go to landmark 1 while always avoiding the purple room .
go to landmark 3 without leaving green room .
avoid the purple room before you navigate to the third floor .
go to the third floor by first going through the blue room .
remain on the first floor and move to the yellow room .
go to the landmark 3 before going to landmark 2
avoid the red room until you go to the second floor .
go from the 2nd floor to the yellow room
go up to the second floor without going to landmark 3 .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the red room .
always avoid landmark 3 and go to the second floor .
avoid landmark 1 until reaching the yellow room .
always avoid the landmark 1 and travel to landmark 2 .
go to the second floor before you navigate to landmark 1 .
travel through the red room then go to the purple room .
go to or through the blue room . always avoid going to the blue room through landmark 2
move to the red room then continue to the green room .
go to second floor without going into the yellow room
avoid the green room and go to landmark 2
go to landmark 1 before going to the yellow room .
move to the yellow room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
go to the red room and avoid landmark 3 .
avoid the blue room and travel to the purple room .
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the purple room .
go to landmark 1 and then to landmark 3 .
go through the green room before navigating to landmark 1 .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the orange room
go through landmark 3 on your way to the first floor .
go to the third floor then go to landmark 2 .
go through the yellow room to the green room .
visit the green room and then move to the third floor .
stay in the red room and go to landmark 2 .
avoid landmark 1 and go to the red room .
go to the purple room through landmark 3 .
avoid the green room until passing landmark 2 .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the yellow room .
go through the orange room to the purple room .
go to the blue room while staying on the third floor .
go to landmark 3 by only stepping in the yellow room .
navigate to the orange room , always avoiding the yellow room .
avoid the purple room and navigate to the green room .
go to the green room through the blue room .
avoid the blue room until going to the first floor .
remain on the first floor while going to the orange room .
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the blue room
go to the purple room through landmark 1 .
go to the first floor then go to the yellow room
go to the yellow room without going to the red room . if you reached the yellow room , now you can go to the red room .
go to the second floor always avoiding the orange room .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark 1. if you reached the blue room then you may go to landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 2 until reaching the yellow room .
avoid the blue room until going through landmark 3 .
go to the first floor then go to landmark 1 .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the yellow room .
while always avoiding the purple room , go to landmark 1 .
go to the second floor before you navigate to landmark 2 .
always go through the purple room and then to landmark 1 .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the green room .
navigate to the red room by passing through the third floor .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the orange room .
got to landmark 2 through the green room .
go to the yellow room without going to another floor .
move to the first floor , travelling through the yellow room .
move to the blue room and then the purple room .
while always avoiding the green room , go to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 1 before going to the red room .
always avoid the red room and go to the green room .
avoid the green room until navigating to the red room .
avoid landmark 1 until you go to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 3 and always avoid the orange room
go through landmark 2 before going to the green room .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through the red room
go to landmark 2 before going to the orange room
avoid the orange room and navigate to the yellow room .
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the blue room first .
go to the blue room , then proceed to landmark 2 .
go to the red room , then proceed to landmark 1 .
move to the red room without leaving the third floor .
avoid the orange room on your way to landmark 3 .
without stepping outside of the blue room , go to landmark 2 .
navigate to landmark 1 through the red room .
go to a spot in the red room , but do n't touch landmark 2 .
move to the first floor , travelling through the red room .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark 3 and stop
go to the green room through the purple room .
avoid landmark 1 while traveling to landmark 2. once there , you may travel to landmark 1 .
go to the orange room without going to the green room
go to landmark 3 through the green room .
go to the green room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the green room then you may proceed to the red room .
avoid landmark 2 and move into the green room .
avoid the red room before you navigate to the first floor .
go to the purple room and then go to landmark 2 .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the orange room
navigate to the red room then continue to landmark 3 .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to landmark 2 .
go to the green room and avoid the orange room .
move to the third floor without entering the red room .
go to the orange room without ever leaving the third floor .
go to orange room and then to yellow room
go to landmark 1 avoiding the blue room . then go to the blue room or stay on landmark 1 .
go to the purple room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the purple room then you may proceed to the red room .
go to or through the purple room . always avoid going to the purple room through landmark 1
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the blue room
avoid the purple room until reaching the third floor .
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the green room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark 1
always avoid the orange room and go to landmark 2 .
go to the first floor , then navigate to the purple room .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 through the yellow room
go to landmark 1 always avoiding the green room .
always avoid the green room while navigating to the first floor .
go to the second floor avoiding landmark 3 .
move to the third floor , travelling through the purple room .
visit landmark 3 but do n't leave the third floor .
move to the blue room then continue to the red room .
move to the yellow room then continue to the orange room .
go from the green room to the yellow room
go to or through landmark 2 avoiding going through landmark 3
always avoid the orange room and go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 before going to the yellow room
avoid the blue room until landmark 2 .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the green room .
go to landmark 1 but remain on the second floor .
navigate from the second floor to the purple room .
go to the orange room and if you have reached the orange room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the orange room .
go to the third floor and then to landmark 1 .
stay in the orange room to get to landmark 3 .
move to the third floor without entering the orange room .
navigate to landmark 1 through the first floor .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark 3 and stop
avoid the red room and travel to the green room .
avoid landmark 1 until after you go to landmark 2 .
go to the orange room , then proceed to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 while staying on the third floor .
avoid the green room until going to the orange room .
move to the yellow room and then move to landmark 3 .
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the purple room first .
stay in the red room to get to landmark 2 .
always avoid the blue room and go to the green room .
go through landmark 1 to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 but do not first go through the purple room .
visit landmark 3 but do n't leave the second floor .
move to the green room and then the yellow room .
always avoid the purple room , go to the first floor .
go to the red room , then go to the yellow room .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the yellow room .
go from the third floor to the orange room
head to the orange room , but make sure to go through the purple room first .
go to the third floor but never go to the purple room .
avoid the blue room and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark 2 and then stay in the blue room or continue to landmark 2
do n't leave the blue room and go to landmark 1 .
move to the red room without leaving the first floor .
avoid landmark 3 and go to the green room .
avoid landmark 3 until after the green room
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark 1 and then stay in the yellow room or continue to landmark 1
always go to landmark 3 before landmark 2 .
always pass landmark 1 to get to level 1 .
go to the third floor and then go to the green room .
go through the yellow room before navigating to landmark 2 .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark 3 .
move to the third floor and then head to landmark 1 .
go to the purple room by touching the green room .
go to the yellow room and if you have reached the yellow room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the yellow room .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark 2
always avoid the blue room , go to the first floor .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark 3
go to the blue room , then go to the orange room .
go from the yellow room to the orange room
move to the third floor but go through landmark 2 first .
always navigate to yellow room and then proceed to second floor .
go to the green room , then go to landmark 3 .
avoid the green room and go to the yellow room .
navigate to the green room through the blue room .
navigate to the first floor , avoiding landmark 1 .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding landmark 3
go to the second floor and then go to the blue room .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the blue room .
move to the red room without leaving the second floor .
advance to landmark 1 but always avoid the orange room .
avoid the orange room until going through landmark 2 .
go to the first floor and avoid landmark 1 .
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the orange room
go to the orange room and avoid the purple room .
go to the green room while avoiding landmark 3
go from the third floor to landmark 3 .
head to landmark 1 after going to the green room .
go through the first floor to landmark 2 .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the blue room .
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the orange room
avoid the purple room until navigating to the red room .
while remaining within the green room , go to landmark 2 .
move to the first floor without entering the purple room .
navigate to the purple room staying on the first floor .
navigate to the blue room after going to the third floor .
go to the first floor without going to the yellow room .
travel through the orange room then go to the red room .
go to the second floor by first going through the green room .
go from 1st floor to landmark 1 .
go to the orange room without touching landmark one .
go to the purple room while always avoiding the red room
go to landmark 1 and avoid the green room
avoid landmark 3 until after you go to landmark 1 .
go to the yellow room by first going through the blue room .
go through the yellow room then to the third floor .
go to landmark 3 and then go to the third floor .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark 1 and stop
avoid the green room and navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 but do not enter the green room first .
go to the first floor through the orange room .
navigate to the purple room through the yellow room .
avoid the red room until you go through the yellow room .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark 1. if you reached the purple room , then you can proceed to landmark 1 .
navigate to the green room by passing through the second floor .
always go through the orange room and then to landmark 2 .
do directly to landmark 2 without leaving the orange room .
go through the blue room first , then go to the red room .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 3 until going to the blue room .
go through landmark 2 and navigate to the blue room .
navigate to the second floor through the blue room .
head to the blue room but first go to the second floor .
go to or through the orange room . always avoid going to the orange room through landmark 2
always avoid the yellow room and navigate to the third floor .
go to the second floor by first going through the blue room .
stay in the red room and go to landmark 1 .
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the blue room
go to the green room through the 2nd floor
go to the 1st floor through the yellow room
avoid going through landmark 3 until you go through the blue room .
go to the third floor without going through the orange room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the orange room , or be done .
avoid landmark 3 until navigating to landmark 1 .
move to landmark 1 without leaving the first floor .
do not go into the blue room until going to landmark 2
stay in the red room to navigate to landmark 2 .
avoid landmark 1 until you pass through blue room .
go through landmark 1 and navigate to the orange room .
go through the blue room to the red room .
navigate to the second floor through the first floor .
go to the green room before you go to landmark 3 .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to the first floor .
go to the green room avoiding landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room without going to landmark 1 .
always go through landmark 3 and then to the red room .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the purple room .
navigate through landmark 1 then go to landmark 2 .
go to third floor and then to landmark 1
navigate to the yellow room then continue to landmark 3 .
go to the second floor , then go to the blue room .
go to landmark 2 and avoid the green room
go to landmark 1 without leaving the green room .
go through landmark 3 and navigate to the red room .
go to the second floor after you go to the first floor .
go to the green room without going to another floor .
go through the third floor to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 always avoiding the red room .
go through the red room to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 always avoiding the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 while always avoiding the purple room .
always avoid the orange room to navigate to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 3 but do not enter the green room first .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark 2 .
go through the green room then to the second floor .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark 1. if you reached the green room , then you can proceed to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 , then up to landmark 2 .
go to the 3rd floor but avoid landmark 1 .
without stepping outside of the green room , go to landmark 2 .
stay on the second floor and move to landmark 2 .
avoid the yellow room and travel to the orange room .
remain on the second floor while going to the blue room .
first navigate to the red room , then make your way to the yellow room .
go through the purple room before going to landmark 3
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the green room .
avoid landmark 1 until after the orange room
go to landmark 3 and then go to the orange room .
go to landmark 3 , avoid the yellow room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the yellow room but avoid landmark 1. if you reached to the yellow room then you can head to landmark 1 or stay put .
go through the blue room first , then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 by going through landmark 3
avoid the purple room on your way to landmark 3 .
go to the second floor then go to the yellow room
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the green room .
head to landmark 1 without changing floors .
go to the purple room without going to landmark 2 .
move to landmark 2 , but go through the blue room first .
go to the blue room through the second floor
go to landmark 1 but do not enter the orange room first .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the red room
go to the purple room but do not enter the red room first .
move to the green room then continue to the yellow room .
go through landmark 3 to the blue room .
go through landmark 3 to landmark 1 .
go to the purple room by first going through landmark 2 .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark 2
go to the first floor without going to the red room .
go to the third floor and avoid the yellow room .
always pass landmark 3 before landmark 2 .
go through the first floor to the orange room
avoid the red room , navigate to the orange room .
go to the third floor and then to landmark 2 .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the blue room
go directly to landmark 1 by only moving in the yellow room .
go through the green room and navigate to the third floor .
first go to landmark 3 , then go to the yellow room .
go to the green room without going through the purple room .
go to landmark 2 while always avoiding the green room
go to landmark 1 without leaving green room .
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the yellow room .
go to landmark 1 only through the 2nd floor
go to a spot in the purple room , but do n't touch landmark 3 .
go from the blue room to the yellow room
go through the blue room to the first floor .
always avoid landmark 2 and navigate to the orange room .
go through landmark 1 and then to the 1st floor .
go to the blue room without touching landmark one .
go through the green room before navigating to landmark 3 .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the green room .
go to landmark 3 while staying on the second floor .
always avoid the orange room , go to the second floor .
stay on the second floor and go to landmark 2 .
go to the third floor through landmark 1 .
first go to landmark 3 , then go to the green room .
avoid the green room and go to landmark 3. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the green room or stay on landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 through the yellow room .
avoid going through landmark 2 until you go through the orange room .
avoid landmark 3 until after the yellow room
go to the blue room but do not enter the purple room first .
go to the first floor , then head to the second floor .
go to or through the red room . always avoid going to the red room through landmark 1
avoid landmark 2 until going to the yellow room .
go through the third floor to the yellow room
go to landmark 2 through landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 always avoiding the purple room .
go to landmark 3 while avoiding the first and third floor .
avoid the orange room until you enter the blue room .
go to landmark 3 but do not first go through the purple room .
go to landmark 2 and avoid the yellow room .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the purple room .
always go from the first floor to the second floor .
proceed to the red room by going through the green room .
visit the red room and then move to the second floor .
avoid landmark 2 until navigating to the red room .
go from the third floor to the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 from the third floor only .
first go to the blue room and then go to landmark 2 .
travel through the blue room then go to the orange room .
go through landmark 1 and navigate to the blue room .
head to the orange room , but make sure to go through the blue room first .
go to the green room without going to the yellow room .
go through the yellow room to the purple room .
go to the orange room through the green room .
move to the green room without leaving the third floor .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark 2 and stop
avoid landmark 1 until navigating to landmark 3 .
first move to landmark 3 then navigate to the yellow room .
remain on the second floor and move to the orange room .
go to the purple room , then go to the red room .
avoid the green room until you enter the yellow room .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the blue room
go to landmark 3 by only navigating within the red room .
always avoid landmark 2 and go to the blue room .
go to landmark 3 through landmark 1
go to landmark 3 while always avoiding the red room .
visit the yellow room and then move to the third floor .
go to the purple room by touching the orange room .
while remaining within the purple room , go to landmark 3 .
go to the red room without going to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 and remain within the orange room .
go to landmark 2 and remain within the purple room .
do not go into the red room until going to landmark 3
go to the red room through the green room
navigate to the yellow room through the green room .
go to the purple room , then proceed to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 , avoid the purple room until you have been to the landmark .
go to landmark 3 without leaving the blue room .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the purple room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the purple room .
go to the blue room while always avoiding landmark 1
stay on the second floor to get to landmark 1 .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 1 before navigating to the second floor .
avoid the orange room before you navigate to the third floor .
go to the orange room and avoid the blue room .
always go through the purple room and then to landmark 3 .
move to the blue room without leaving the first floor .
go through landmark 2 to the first floor .
go to the 3rd floor but avoid landmark 2 .
move to the second floor and then head to landmark 1 .
go to the first floor then move to the orange room .
always avoid landmark 1 and go to the orange room .
go to landmark 3 and proceed to landmark 2 .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark 1 and then stay in the orange room or continue to landmark 1
go to the third floor then go to the blue room
go to the yellow room by first going through landmark 2 .
go to landmark 3 always avoiding the purple room .
go to third floor without going into the purple room
go through the purple room to the yellow room .
go to landmark one , then down to the purple room .
without stepping outside of the orange room , go to landmark 2 .
go to the second floor always avoiding the purple room .
go to the orange room only through the 1st floor
always go through the red room and then to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 while avoiding going through any other objects
avoid the yellow room before you navigate to the third floor .
avoid the orange room and travel to the green room .
always avoid the blue room to navigate to landmark 1 .
go to the green room and avoid landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the third floor .
avoid the red room until going through landmark 3 .
move to landmark 3. do n't change floors if already on 2nd floor .
go through landmark 2 before going to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until landmark 2 .
go through landmark 1 before going to the red room .
go from 1st floor to landmark 1 .
go through the purple room before going to the green room .
avoid landmark 2 until you pass through red room .
head to the orange room but first go to the third floor .
move to the first floor without entering the orange room .
avoid the green room until reaching the first floor .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark 3
go to or through the purple room . always avoid going to the purple room through landmark 3
navigate to the first floor through the green room .
go to purple room , but do not go to orange room .
go to the purple room without going through the orange room .
proceed to the yellow room by going through the green room .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the purple room .
while remaining within the yellow room , go to landmark 3 .
go from the second floor to the red room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the yellow room
go to or through landmark 2. always avoid going to landmark 2 through landmark 3
first go to to landmark 3 then go to the orange room .
go through the purple room before going to the red room .
move to landmark 2 and then proceed to the purple room .
proceed to landmark 2 , but never move outside of the yellow room .
avoid the purple room before you navigate to the first floor .
do n't leave the purple room and go to landmark 2 .
visit the orange room and then move to the first floor .
go to landmark 2 and avoid the blue room .
avoid the green room until after going to the first floor .
go to landmark 1 while staying on the second floor .
always navigate to purple room and then proceed to third floor .
navigate to the red room through the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 without changing floors
go to the blue room through landmark 1
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the green room .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the blue room .
go to the green room without going to the blue room
move to landmark 2 but avoid landmark 3 .
pass through the red room on your way to the first floor .
go to landmark 3 through the 1st floor
stay in the blue room and go to landmark 1 .
move to landmark 1. do n't change floors if already on 2nd floor .
always avoid landmark 2 and navigate to the blue room .
always go through the red room and then to landmark 2 .
remain on the first floor and move to the red room .
first navigate to the green room , then make your way to the red room .
always avoid the yellow room , go to the first floor .
go to the second floor then go to landmark 2 .
first move to landmark 1 then navigate to the blue room .
move to the green room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
first move to landmark 1 then navigate to the red room .
go through the green room to the red room .
go to the third floor but do not go through the purple room first .
go through landmark 3 to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room through the blue room
go to landmark 3 while always avoiding the green room
always avoid the orange room while navigating to the first floor .
go to landmark 1 before going to the first floor .
go to the orange room without ever leaving the first floor .
avoid the green room until going to the blue room .
while remaining within the purple room , go to landmark 2 .
go through landmark 1 to the yellow room .
go to the third floor without going to the yellow room .
always avoid going to landmark 3 through the yellow room
do directly to landmark 2 without leaving the blue room .
go to the third floor and then go to the blue room .
go to the blue room and then go to the yellow room .
start on the 3rd floor , go directly to the 1st floor .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark 3 .
avoid landmark 3 until after reaching landmark 2 .
always avoid the blue room and navigate to the second floor .
go from the first floor to the purple room
go through the blue room before going to the third floor .
go to the red room without going to the green room
while always avoiding the green room , go to landmark 1 .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the purple room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the purple room .
head to the red room , but make sure to go through the yellow room first .
navigate to landmark 2 then continue to the orange room .
go to the 1st floor through the 3rd floor
avoid the yellow room until going to the red room .
pass through the purple room before going to the second floor .
go to the red room without going to the yellow room
stay on the first floor while going to the green room .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to landmark 2 .
from the third floor , navigate to the first floor .
avoid the green room until after going to the second floor .
avoid the yellow room on your way to landmark 2 .
proceed to the yellow room but do n't leave the third floor .
go through landmark 1 before going to the blue room .
navigate to the purple room staying on the second floor .
go to the yellow room without going to the blue room
move to the purple room avoiding landmark 1. if you got to the purple room then you can continue to landmark 1 .
move to landmark 3 without entering the orange room . then you may stay at landmark 3 or go to the orange room .
go directly to the red room without changing floors .
pass through the yellow room on your way to the first floor .
go to landmark 3 and then go to the 1st floor .
go to the green room without going through the red room .
go from the 3rd floor to the 1st floor
navigate to the second floor via the yellow room .
go through the purple room before going to landmark 2
always avoid the orange room and navigate to the second floor .
go through the blue room before going to landmark 2
visit landmark 2 but do n't leave the second floor .
go to 1st floor . then go directly to landmark 2
avoid the purple room and travel to the orange room .
go to the blue room without going to the orange room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the orange room .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark 1
avoid the purple room until going through landmark 3 .
navigate to the second floor before going to the first floor .
go to the yellow room through landmark 2 .
proceed to the yellow room but do n't leave the first floor .
go to the green room through the red room .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the red room .
go to landmark 1 after navigating to the first floor .
go to landmark 3 by only navigating within the blue room .
avoid landmark 1 until you go to landmark 3 .
pass through the green room before going to the first floor .
avoid landmark 1 until going to the yellow room .
avoid the landmark 1 and go to the second floor .
move to the yellow room without leaving the third floor .
go to the landmark 1 before going to landmark 3
go to the green room , then go to landmark 2 .
move to the orange room without changing floors .
go through the second floor and navigate to the blue room .
go to the green room without going to the blue room .
always avoid landmark 2 and go to the yellow room .
head to landmark 2 without changing floors .
go through the yellow room to the first floor .
head to the orange room , but make sure to go through the red room first .
go to the blue room before you go to landmark 1 .
go to the yellow room without ever leaving the first floor .
go to or through landmark 2. always avoid going to landmark 2 through landmark 1
proceed to the purple room but do n't leave the first floor .
go to landmark 3 and then to landmark 2
stay on the third floor to get to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 by only navigating within the green room .
go to landmark 3 without changing floors .
go to the second floor then move to the orange room .
move to the orange room and then the purple room .
go through the yellow room and navigate to the second floor .
navigate to the first floor but do n't ever go to landmark 3 .
always avoid the purple room and go to landmark 2 .
stay on the second floor and go to the purple room .
go to the orange room , avoiding landmark 2 .
avoid the landmark 1 and go to the third floor .
avoid the red room until reaching landmark 1 .
go to the first floor but do not go through the purple room first .
go to landmark 2 , avoid the green room until you have been to the landmark .
stay away from the yellow room and go to landmark 2 .
go to the third floor by first going through the red room .
avoid the orange room until you go to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 but do not enter the yellow room first .
navigate to the purple room after going to the third floor .
go to the purple room without going to another floor .
avoid landmark 1 until navigating to the red room .
avoid the green room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the green room .
go to the purple room but do not enter the orange room first .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the green room
go to the first floor via landmark 2 .
go to the purple room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the purple room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
always avoid the purple room and go to landmark 1 .
go through landmark 2 to the third floor .
head to the green room and then head to the first floor .
go to orange room and then to red room
avoid the purple room until navigating to the orange room .
go to the purple room and then navigate to the green room .
go to 1st floor . then go directly to landmark 3
go to the orange room without going to the purple room
without leaving the third floor go to the red room .
go to the blue room , then go to the purple room .
avoid landmark 3 until you pass through red room .
navigate from the first floor to the yellow room .
move to the first floor and then head to landmark 2 .
move to the third floor , travelling through the green room .
stay on the third floor and go to landmark 2 .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the green room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the green room .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark 3. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the purple room or stay on landmark 3 .
avoid going through landmark 1 until you go through the purple room .
move to the green room first then travel to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 without leaving purple room .
go through the blue room before navigating to landmark 1 .
go to the first floor through landmark 3 .
go from the first floor to the orange room
go through the yellow room , then make your way to landmark 3 .
go from the second floor to the orange room
go to landmark 2 while always avoiding the orange room .
go to the orange room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the orange room then you may proceed to the green room .
go through landmark 2 to the purple room .
go directly to landmark 3 and do not leave the orange room .
go to landmark 1 , then go to landmark 2
avoid landmark 1 until navigating to the yellow room .
navigate to landmark 2 then continue to the purple room .
go to the green room while avoiding landmark 1
go to the blue room without going through the red room .
go through the green room before going to the second floor .
go to the red room while always avoiding landmark 3
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the yellow room .
always avoid landmark 3 and navigate to the third floor .
go to the yellow room without going to another floor .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the purple room .
go to the yellow room , then go to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 2 before going to the second floor .
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the purple room .
go through the green room to landmark 3 .
move to the third floor without entering the blue room .
always avoid landmark 3 and go to the orange room .
always avoid landmark 3 , and navigate to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 1 , then go to landmark 3
move to landmark 1 but avoid landmark 3 .
stay on the third floor while going to the green room .
go to or through the yellow room . always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark 3
move to the third floor and then head to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 but do not enter the orange room first .
head to the red room but first go to the second floor .
go to the blue room , then go to the first floor .
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the blue room .
from the second floor , navigate to the first floor .
go through the yellow room and navigate to the first floor .
go to the third floor via the purple room .
go to landmark 1 without changing floors .
go to the red room while always avoiding landmark 2
first go to the yellow room and then go to landmark 2 .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
avoid the red room , navigate to the green room .
go to landmark 2 and then the green room
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the green room
always avoid the yellow room to navigate to landmark 3 .
move to the yellow room first then travel to landmark 3 .
do n't go into the red room until going to landmark 3
go from the green room to the red room
without leaving the red room go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 through the green room
go to the second floor , then go to the red room .
avoid the yellow room on your way to landmark 1 .
always avoid the red room while navigating to landmark 3 .
proceed to the red room without going to any other floors .
always avoid the purple room , go to landmark 3 .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to the first floor .
visit the third floor then go to the second floor .
always avoid the blue room and go to the yellow room .
go to the green room , then go to the purple room .
go directly to landmark 1 and do not leave the red room .
navigate to the first floor through the second floor .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the orange room .
stay in the red room to get to landmark 1 .
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the blue room .
avoid the orange room until reaching the first floor .
go through the orange room before going to the third floor .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the orange room without going to the green room .
go to the blue room but avoid landmark 3. if you reached to the blue room then you can head to landmark 3 or stay put .
go through the second floor and navigate to the orange room .
go to the orange room but do not enter the purple room first .
proceed to the orange room without going to any other floors .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to the second floor .
avoid landmark 3 and go to landmark 1. if you have reached landmark 1 then you can go to landmark 3 .
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the red room .
go to landmark 1 before going to the blue room
go from the 2nd floor to the orange room
go to landmark 1 after navigating to the second floor .
avoid landmark 2 until you pass through orange room .
proceed to landmark 3 , but never move outside of the blue room .
go from the first floor to the red room .
move to landmark 1 and then proceed to the purple room .
avoid landmark 3 and go to landmark 2 .
always avoid landmark 2 and navigate to the red room .
always go through landmark 1 and then to the red room .
proceed to landmark 2 but avoid landmark 3 on the way . if you have reached landmark 2 then you can proceed to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 before going to the first floor .
go through the third floor and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the purple room while avoiding landmark 1
without stepping outside of the orange room , go to landmark 1 .
go to green room and then to red room
while remaining within the blue room , go to landmark 2 .
navigate to landmark 1 through the blue room .
go through landmark 3 and then to the 1st floor .
do n't go into the blue room until going to landmark 1
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through landmark 1
always avoid the yellow room , go to the second floor .
move to the orange room without leaving the second floor .
move to the purple room avoiding landmark 3. if you got to the purple room then you can continue to landmark 3 .
go to the purple room by first going through the orange room .
go to the first floor without going through the orange room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the orange room , or be done .
go directly to landmark 1 by only moving in the blue room .
go to landmark 3 , then go to landmark 1
avoid the purple room until landmark 1 .
advance to landmark 3 but always avoid the yellow room .
navigate to the second floor and avoid landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 1 until after the blue room
go directly to the yellow room without changing floors .
go to the first floor then go landmark 3 .
go to the orange room without going through the green room .
always avoid landmark 1 and navigate to the third floor .
navigate to landmark 2 through the second floor .
stay on the first floor and go to the purple room .
go to 1st floor . then go directly to landmark 3
go through the blue room before navigating to landmark 2 .
first move to landmark 1 then navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 by only stepping in the purple room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark 3 .
always go through the blue room to get to the red room .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the orange room .
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the purple room .
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the green room
go through the third floor and navigate to the green room .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the green room .
go to third floor without going into the yellow room
go to the blue room by first going through landmark 1 .
move to the orange room then continue to the red room .
avoid landmark 1 and go to the yellow room .
go to landmark 1 through the orange room .
always navigate to red room and then proceed to second floor .
go through the blue room and navigate to the first floor .
go through the yellow room before going to the third floor .
go through the purple room before going to the yellow room .
go to the first floor after you go to the second floor .
go through the second floor to landmark 3 .
go through the purple room first , then go to the orange room .
go through the red room first , then go to the green room .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to landmark 1 .
go to the green room by first visiting landmark 2 .
go through the orange room then to the second floor .
avoid landmark 2 until you pass through yellow room .
go to the blue room without touching landmark 1 .
go to landmark 1 while staying on the first floor .
go from the 1st floor to landmark 1
go to the orange room and avoid the yellow room .
go through the second floor to the yellow room
go to the purple room through the first floor
go to landmark 2 through the orange room .
go to the third floor but do not go through the orange room first .
stay in the blue room to get to landmark 1 .
without stepping outside of the blue room , go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 and avoid the yellow room .
navigate to the blue room before you go to landmark 2 .
go through landmark 3 and navigate to the blue room .
go to landmark 2 before going to the orange room .
go to landmark 1 avoiding the first and third floors .
go through the second floor to the red room
always avoid landmark 1 and navigate to landmark 3 .
go to the blue room , avoiding landmark 2 .
go to the green room by first visiting landmark 3 .
go to the blue room without touching landmark one .
travel through the red room then go to the yellow room .
pass through the red room before going to the third floor .
navigate to the orange room but never go to the yellow room .
navigate to the green room but never go to the orange room .
go to the third floor without going through the red room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the red room , or be done .
go to landmark 1 and avoid the green room .
avoid landmark 1 until going to the blue room .
go to the purple room and if you have reached the purple room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the purple room .
avoid the red room until navigating to the yellow room .
navigate through landmark 1 and go to the blue room .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through landmark 1
stay in the blue room and go to landmark 3
move to the green room and then move to landmark 3 .
go to the yellow room before you go to landmark 1 .
go through the green room before going to landmark 3
proceed to the purple room by going through the green room .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through landmark 1
avoid the orange room until going to the third floor .
avoid the green room until navigating to the yellow room .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the third floor .
go to landmark 3 but do not first go through the orange room .
without leaving the first floor go to the blue room .
go to the second floor always avoiding the yellow room .
remain on the third floor and move to the orange room .
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the orange room .
move to landmark 2. do n't change floors if already on 2nd floor .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark 2. if you reached the purple room then you may go to landmark 2 .
go to the green room without going to the purple room
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the blue room .
go to landmark 2 and then go to the 1st floor .
go to the orange room and if you have reached the orange room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the orange room .
stay on the first floor and go to the red room .
go to the first floor and then head to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 and then go to the second floor .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through the green room
go to the green room , then go to landmark 1 .
go to the orange room but avoid landmark 2. if you reached to the orange room then you can head to landmark 2 or stay put .
go through the blue room to the third floor .
go to or through the red room . always avoid going to the red room through landmark 3
go to the purple room without going to the red room
go to the first floor but avoid landmark 3 .
travel through the yellow room then go to the red room .
go to the green room while always avoiding landmark 2
go to the purple room and go down to the 1st floor .
avoid the orange room until reaching the second floor .
move to the third floor by going through the orange room
go to landmark 1 .
go up to the third floor without going to landmark 1 .
avoid the green room and go to the second floor .
navigate to the purple room before you go to landmark 3 .
go to the green room avoiding landmark 2. if you reached the green room then you may go to landmark 2 .
move to landmark 1 , but travel to the 1st floor first .
go through landmark 1 to the purple room .
stay on the first floor while navigating to landmark 3 .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the yellow room .
go to the orange room and then go to the purple room .
go to the second floor then go to the green room
stay in the purple room and go to landmark 2 and stop
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through the orange room
go to landmark 3 by only stepping in the red room .
head to the yellow room , but make sure to go through the green room first .
go from the first floor to the green room
always go through landmark 3 and then to the purple room .
go through the first floor and navigate to the blue room .
from the third floor , navigate to the red room .
go to landmark 1 while always avoiding the blue room
go to landmark 1 but remain on the third floor .
go to the orange room through the red room .
go to landmark 3 and then to landmark 1
go to landmark 2 then go to the purple room .
go to the second floor by going through landmark 2 .
always avoid the green room and go to landmark 3 .
while always avoiding the purple room , go to landmark 3 .
go to the green room and go down to the 1st floor .
move to landmark 3 without leaving the third floor .
always avoid going to landmark 2 through the green room
go to the orange room through the first floor
go to landmark 3 then go to the red room .
go to the blue room without going to another floor .
go to landmark 1 always avoiding the blue room .
go to the red room , avoiding landmark 1 .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to the second floor .
go to the purple room by first visiting landmark 1 .
avoid the green room , navigate to the purple room .
move to the red room first then travel to landmark 1 .
go to 1 st floor after 3rd floor
go to landmark 2 only through the 2nd floor
navigate to the blue room before you go to landmark 1 .
always go through the orange room to get to the red room .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to landmark 1 .
avoid the blue room and go to the first floor .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the green room
move to the blue room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
avoid landmark 3 until navigating to landmark 2 .
go to the second floor but avoid the blue room .
stay on the third floor and navigate to landmark 3 .
go to the second floor through the third floor .
go to the yellow room and then go to the green room .
do directly to landmark 3 without leaving the purple room .
go to the orange room through the purple room
go to the yellow room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the purple room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark 1
go through the red room before going to the third floor .
stay in the red room to navigate to landmark 1 .
go to the green room and if you have reached the green room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the green room .
head to the purple room and then head to the third floor .
avoid landmark 1 until you pass through red room .
go to the blue room and then go to the orange room .
first go to landmark 3 , then go to the blue room .
go to the green room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the green room then you can go to the purple room .
avoid the green room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the green room , or just stay on the second floor .
avoid the green room until you enter the blue room .
go to the blue room only through the 1st floor
move to landmark 3 after moving to the first floor .
go to the third floor avoiding the blue room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the blue room
proceed to the orange room by going through the yellow room .
go to the third floor avoiding landmark 2 .
go to landmark 1 and then go to the orange room .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the orange room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the orange room .
avoid the purple room until going to landmark 3 .
go to the second floor always avoiding the red room .
go to the blue room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the orange room .
go to the red room and then navigate to the orange room .
go to landmark 1 but remain on the first floor .
navigate from the third floor to the blue room .
go to the red room , then go to landmark 1 .
go to the yellow room without ever leaving the second floor .
go to landmark 1 then go to the yellow room .
move to the purple room and then move to landmark 2 .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the yellow room
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark 1 .
go to the blue room only through the 1st floor
proceed to the green room by going through the purple room .
go to the second floor by first going through the yellow room .
avoid landmark 2 until reaching the green room .
go through landmark 1 to the second floor .
avoid landmark 3 until reaching the purple room .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark 1 and then stay in the red room or continue to landmark 1
go to landmark 1 through the 1st floor
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through the red room
go to landmark 2 by only stepping in the yellow room .
avoid the red room
avoid the purple room until you go to the blue room .
go to the second floor before you navigate to landmark 3 .
navigate to the orange room staying on the first floor .
avoid the yellow room and travel to the red room .
visit the third floor and then proceed to the first floor .
go to the green room but avoid landmark 3. if you reached to the green room then you can head to landmark 3 or stay put .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the green room
go to landmark 1 before going to the orange room
go from the 3rd floor to the 1st floor
go to the first floor , then navigate to the red room .
go through the blue room before going to the second floor .
go to the third floor and then go directly to the second floor .
go through the red room before going to the first floor .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the orange room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the orange room .
always navigate to orange room and then proceed to third floor .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the yellow room .
avoid landmark 3 and go to the orange room .
go to landmark 3 before going to the blue room
go to landmark 1 , then go to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 1 but do not first pass through landmark 3 .
go to the third floor without going to the orange room .
always go to landmark 1 before navigating to the purple room .
go to the red room without going to the orange room .
go to landmark 1 without leaving blue room .
go to landmark 1 while avoiding going through any other objects
navigate to the green room then continue to landmark 1 .
avoid the purple room , navigate to the yellow room .
go to the red room through landmark 2
go to landmark 3 avoiding the purple room . then go to the purple room or stay on landmark 3 .
go through the green room before going to landmark 3
move to the green room first then travel to landmark 2 .
stay in the green room and go to landmark 3 .
go through the blue room to landmark 2 .
avoid the red room until passing landmark 1 .
move to landmark 2 after moving to the third floor .
go to the red room through the 2nd floor
navigate to the second floor before going to the green room .
do not go into the green room until going to landmark 2
go to the 1st floor through the purple room
navigate through landmark 1 to the first floor .
move to the red room without changing floors .
go to the orange room while avoiding landmark 2
go to the red room avoiding landmark 2 .
avoid the red room until after going to the second floor .
without leaving the third floor go to the yellow room .
go to the first floor and avoid the red room .
head to landmark 3 after going to the green room .
always avoid the green room and go to landmark 2 .
stay on the first floor to get to landmark 2 .
go to the green room and then navigate to the purple room .
go through landmark 2 and then to the 1st floor .
go to the red room and then navigate to the yellow room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark 3. if you reached the blue room , then you can proceed to landmark 3 .
avoid the blue room until reaching the third floor .
avoid landmark 1 until after the purple room
always go through landmark 2 and then to the yellow room .
go directly to landmark 2 and do not leave the red room .
move to landmark 3 but avoid landmark 1 .
avoid the orange room until going to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until after you 've gone to the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 through the green room .
go to the purple room and avoid landmark 2 .
avoid the red room until you navigate to the second floor .
without stepping outside of the purple room , go to landmark 1 .
move to the first floor and then head to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 then go to the first floor .
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the yellow room
pass through landmark 3 on your way to the second floor .
move through landark 1 to landmark 2 .
go to the purple room without going to the green room . if you reached the purple room , now you can go to the green room .
go to the red room without going to the purple room
go to the second floor but do not go through the red room first .
always go through the orange room to get to the yellow room .
avoid landmark 3 until reaching the green room .
always avoid landmark 1 and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to landmark 2 .
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the blue room
avoid the blue room until going through landmark 2 .
go to landmark 2 always avoiding the red room .
go to the blue room through landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room and go down to the 1st floor .
go through the green room , then make your way to landmark 3 .
always go through the green room and then to landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 3 until you pass through purple room .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark 3. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the blue room or stay on landmark 3 .
always avoid the green room and go to the red room .
first go to landmark 1 , then go to the red room .
move to the orange room avoiding landmark 2. if you got to the orange room then you can continue to landmark 2 .
do not go into the blue room until going to landmark 1
go through the orange room to landmark 3 .
stay in the green room and go to landmark 1 .
go to second floor and then to landmark 2
navigate to the third floor before going to the yellow room .
go through the green room to the first floor .
move towards green room and then to second floor .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the blue room .
navigate to the third floor before going to landmark 3 .
proceed to landmark 3 , but never move outside of the purple room .
go to the third floor and avoid landmark 2 .
avoid the red room until going through landmark 1 .
go from the second floor to landmark 1 .
go directly to landmark 1 by only moving in the green room .
go directly to landmark 2 and do not leave the orange room .
move through landark 1 to landmark 1 .
go to the first floor via the red room .
avoid the purple room until going to the first floor .
navigate to the first floor but do n't ever go to landmark 1 .
avoid the blue room until you go to the second floor .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the purple room .
go to the yellow room and avoid landmark 1 .
always avoid landmark 1 and go to the blue room .
go through landmark 1 to the first floor .
avoid the yellow room until landmark 3 .
navigate to the second floor through the purple room .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the blue room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the blue room .
go to landmark 1 through the purple room .
do n't go into the purple room until going to landmark 2
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to landmark 3 .
move to the third floor , travelling through the blue room .
avoid the green room until going to the first floor .
always avoid the green room , go to the first floor .
always avoid the green room , go to landmark 1 .
go to the third floor , and then go to the second floor .
move to landmark 2 after moving to the first floor .
navigate to the yellow room before you go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 avoiding the first and third floors .
always go to landmark 2 before navigating to the yellow room .
without stepping outside of the yellow room , go to landmark 2 .
go to the red room without touching landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 by only navigating within the blue room .
go through landmark 1 before going to the purple room .
proceed to the red room by going through the blue room .
while remaining within the green room , go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 but avoid landmark 1 .
move to the red room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
do n't go into the red room until going to landmark 2
go to the orange room , then proceed to landmark 1 .
avoid the red room until you navigate to landmark 1 .
go to the yellow room without going to the orange room .
go to the blue room by first going through landmark 2 .
go to the green room through the second floor .
stay away from the red room and go to landmark 3 .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the second floor .
go to the yellow room by first going through landmark 1 .
move to the first floor , travelling through the purple room .
remain on the second floor while going to the red room .
stay on the third floor while going to the purple room .
go to the purple room and then go to the orange room .
stay on the third floor and go to the purple room .
without leaving the yellow room go to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 2 and always avoid the purple room
always go through the purple room to get to the yellow room .
go to first floor without going into the purple room
stay away from the blue room and go to landmark 2 .
always avoid landmark 3 and navigate to the second floor .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark 1. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the blue room or stay on landmark 1 .
always pass landmark 1 to get to level 1 .
navigate to the green room through the yellow room .
go to the blue room without going through the yellow room .
navigate to the yellow room through the red room .
avoid the green room until landmark 1 .
first navigate to the orange room , then make your way to the yellow room .
stay in the green room and go to landmark 1
go from 1st floor to landmark 2 .
always avoid landmark 3 and navigate to the blue room .
go to the red room avoiding landmark 3 .
avoid the orange room and go to the red room .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the red room
avoid the green room and travel to the purple room .
proceed to landmark 2 , but never move outside of the orange room .
move to landmark 3 after moving to the second floor .
navigate to the purple room before you go to landmark 1 .
go through the first floor to landmark 3 .
proceed to the purple room without going to any other floors .
move to the third floor by going through the green room
visit the blue room and then move to the first floor .
do not go into the yellow room until going to landmark 1
go to the first floor always avoiding the yellow room .
move to the blue room then continue to the green room .
navigate to the yellow room after going to the first floor .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the purple room
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark 1 .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark 2
go to the second floor via the purple room .
move to the third floor but go through landmark 1 first .
go to the second floor avoiding landmark 2 .
go to landmark 2 through the red room
go to the yellow room and if you have reached the yellow room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the yellow room .
go to landmark 1 without leaving the blue room .
avoid the green room until going to the second floor .
always avoid the green room , go to landmark 3 .
always avoid the yellow room , go to the third floor .
go to the yellow room , then go to landmark 1 .
first go to landmark 2 , then go to the purple room .
first go to the blue room and then go to landmark 1 .
navigate to the green room , always avoiding the red room .
avoid the yellow room until after you 've gone to the blue room .
head to the red room and then head to the second floor .
advance to landmark 1 but always avoid the yellow room .
proceed to landmark 2 , but never move outside of the green room .
avoid the green room until going to landmark 1 .
go to the blue room through landmark 2
always navigate to red room and then proceed to first floor .
go to the blue room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the purple room .
always avoid going to landmark 1 through the yellow room
go to landmark one , then down to the green room .
proceed to the blue room but do n't leave the first floor .
go through the red room then to the first floor .
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the red room .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the orange room .
go to the blue room by first going through landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 then go to landmark 1 .
go to the first floor then move to the blue room .
avoid the orange room until you go through the yellow room .
avoid the red room until you enter the yellow room .
go to the orange room through the third floor
go to the red room by first going through the orange room .
go to landmark 2 then go to the first floor .
always avoid landmark 2 and navigate to the yellow room .
navigate from the first floor to the purple room .
always avoid landmark 2 and navigate to the second floor .
go to landmark one , then down to the yellow room .
do directly to landmark 2 without leaving the green room .
always avoid the orange room and go to the yellow room .
travel through the green room then go to the red room .
do directly to landmark 3 without leaving the red room .
go to landmark 1 and then the blue room
avoid the blue room until going through landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 before going to the purple room
remain on the first floor and navigate to the orange room .
avoid landmark 3 until you have passed through landmark 1
avoid landmark 2 until you go to the green room .
go to the third floor then go to the yellow room
go to the blue room through landmark 3
navigate to the second floor before going to the red room .
first go to landmark 1 , then go to the yellow room .
stay in the orange room to navigate to landmark 3 .
avoid the blue room and navigate to the green room .
navigate to the second floor but do n't ever go to landmark 3 .
always pass landmark 3 to get to level 1 .
avoid the yellow room
go to the red room through the first floor
go to landmark 1 and remain within the yellow room .
head to the green room but first go to the third floor .
go through landmark 2 on your way to the first floor .
avoid landmark 3 until reaching the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the blue room .
avoid landmark 3 and go to the first floor .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark 1. if you reached the orange room then you may go to landmark 1 .
navigate to the orange room but never go to the purple room .
move to the orange room without leaving the third floor .
go to landmark 3 without leaving the red room .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark 2 .
avoid the green room and go to the orange room .
move towards blue room and then to third floor .
go through landmark 1 and then to the 1st floor .
go to the purple room without going to the orange room . if you reached the purple room , now you can go to the orange room .
remain on the second floor and move to the red room .
go to or through the blue room . always avoid going to the blue room through landmark 3
go to landmark 3 .
go through the third floor and navigate to the purple room .
go to the red room via landmark 3 .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to the first floor .
go to the third floor then go to landmark 1 .
always avoid landmark 1 and go to landmark 3
go to or through the blue room . always avoid going to the blue room through landmark 1
go to the purple room , avoiding landmark 1 .
pass through the orange room before going to the second floor .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the orange room .
stay away from the orange room and go to landmark 3 .
go to the purple room , then go to landmark 2 .
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the blue room
go to the third floor by first going through the purple room .
go to the blue room before going to the green room .
go to landmark 2 by only navigating within the yellow room .
stay away from the yellow room and go to landmark 3 .
always avoid the blue room and go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 while always avoiding the red room
visit the yellow room and then move to the second floor .
go to the second floor avoiding the purple room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the purple room
do directly to landmark 2 without leaving the red room .
go to the first floor then go to the red room
go to landmark 2 through the yellow room .
go to the yellow room by first visiting landmark 3 .
do n't leave the purple room and go to landmark 1 .
avoid the orange room and navigate to the red room .
go through the green room to landmark 2 .
go to the red room without going to landmark 1 .
avoid the orange room until going to landmark 2 .
always avoid the green room and go to the orange room .
go through the red room before going to landmark 2
go to the purple room and then go to landmark 3 .
go to the 1st floor through landmark 3
avoid the green room and go to landmark 2 .
travel through the purple room then go to the red room .
avoid landmark 1 and move into the blue room .
go to landmark 1 and remain within the orange room .
always avoid landmark 3 and go to the green room .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room
avoid the landmark 1 and go to the first floor .
go to landmark 1 while avoiding the first and third floor .
go to landmark 3 without leaving orange room .
move to the third floor by going through the yellow room
go to the green room and go down to the 1st floor .
go to the orange room before going to the purple room .
go to the first floor but do not go through the yellow room first .
go to the yellow room and then navigate to the green room .
go to a spot in the red room , but do n't touch landmark 1 .
go to landmark 1 while always avoiding the yellow room
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the green room .
go to the 1st floor through the yellow room
go through the second floor to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 and remain within the blue room .
go to the 1st floor through landmark 2
avoid landmark 2 until going to the green room .
go through the second floor to the red room .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the orange room .
avoid the orange room until you go to the red room .
avoid landmark 1 until you navigate to landmark 2 .
go to the landmark 1 before going to landmark 2
first navigate to the red room , then make your way to the green room .
without leaving the green room go to landmark 2 .
always avoid going to landmark 2 through the red room
go through the orange room before going to landmark 3
navigate to the first floor always passing through the second floor .
avoid landmark 2 until reaching the red room .
from the second floor , navigate to the green room .
go to the yellow room without going to the blue room .
go to landmark 3 by avoiding the yellow room and then stay there or continue to the yellow room .
go through the green room and navigate to the second floor .
go to the orange room , then go to landmark 1 .
go to the yellow room by touching the orange room .
without leaving the green room go to landmark 3 .
always avoid landmark 1 and go to the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 before going to the green room .
go to landmark 3 only through the 2nd floor
move towards purple room and then to third floor .
go to the blue room and go down to the 1st floor .
pass through landmark 1 before going to the third floor .
navigate to landmark 1 then continue to the orange room .
go through the purple room before navigating to landmark 1 .
navigate to the second floor via the orange room .
avoid landmark 3 until after the orange room
go to the first floor by first going through the purple room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding landmark 3
avoid the yellow room on your way to the purple room . once you get to the purple room you can to the yellow room .
go to a spot in the red room , but do n't touch landmark 3 .
avoid the orange room
remain on the third floor and move to the purple room .
go to the blue room through landmark 3 .
go to the first floor after you go to the third floor .
go to the first floor avoiding the purple room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the purple room
navigate to landmark 2 through the orange room .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the red room .
visit landmark 2 but do n't leave the first floor .
navigate to landmark 3 through the orange room .
go through the third floor to the green room .
stay on the second floor and go to the red room .
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the blue room .
go to the green room and then go to landmark 2 .
avoid the blue room , navigate to the orange room .
go from 2nd floor to green room .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the purple room .
go to landmark 1 through the blue room .
go to the blue room but avoid landmark 2. if you reached to the blue room then you can head to landmark 2 or stay put .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the red room
navigate to the third floor , avoiding landmark 3 .
avoid landmark 1 until you pass through purple room .
avoid the orange room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the orange room , or just stay on the first floor .
first go to to landmark 3 then go to the blue room .
proceed to landmark 3 , but never move outside of the orange room .
stay on the first floor and go to the orange room .
while remaining within the red room , go to landmark 2 .
navigate to the second floor before going to landmark 3 .
first go to the purple room and then go to landmark 2 .
always go to landmark 1 before navigating to the green room .
avoid the blue room until after going to the first floor .
navigate to the blue room by passing through the first floor .
avoid the red room and navigate to the purple room .
go through the blue room before going to the purple room .
go to landmark 1 before going to the second floor .
go through the orange room to the red room .
go to landmark 2 avoiding the green room . then go to the green room or stay on landmark 2 .
move to the first floor , travelling through landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 1 until reaching the orange room .
avoid the orange room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the orange room .
go to the third floor and avoid the green room .
avoid landmark 3 until reaching the orange room .
go from the third floor to the red room
go directly to landmark 1 by only moving in the orange room .
go from the 1st floor to landmark 1
navigate to the first floor before going to landmark 1 .
always go through the green room to get to the red room .
go to the green room through the orange room
avoid the purple room and travel to the red room .
go to third floor and then to landmark 2
go to landmark 2 but do not enter the orange room first .
avoid landmark 2 until going to the red room .
go to landmark 3 and then the red room
go to the orange room while always avoiding landmark 2
avoid the purple room until going to the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 and remain within the red room .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the second floor .
go to the 3rd floor but do not go to landmark 1 .
go from the 2nd floor to the blue room
go to the second floor then move to the purple room .
go to the red room through the yellow room
go to the orange room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the orange room then you may proceed to the red room .
go to landmark 1 then go to the red room .
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the purple room
move to the first floor without entering the green room .
navigate to the yellow room by passing through the first floor .
avoid the purple room until you go to landmark 1 .
go through the yellow room , then make your way to landmark 1 .
go to the yellow room without touching landmark one .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the yellow room
always go through landmark 1 and then to the purple room .
stay on the second floor while navigating to landmark 1 .
go to the red room by touching the blue room .
go to the blue room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the orange room .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the blue room .
always go through landmark 2 and then to the red room .
go to landmark 1 , avoid the red room until you have been to the landmark .
head to the red room , but make sure to go through the green room first .
go to the second floor through landmark 1 .
go to landmark 1 without first passing through landmark 3 .
go from 2nd floor to yellow room .
move to landmark 1 without entering the orange room . then you may stay at landmark 1 or go to the orange room .
go to landmark 2 before going to the blue room .
go to the purple room and then navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 and then the blue room
navigate through landmark 2 and go to the red room .
go to the orange room without going to another floor .
go to landmark 3 without leaving the yellow room .
from the second floor , navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 and then go to the 1st floor .
go to the orange room and avoid landmark 1 .
move to landmark 3 , but go through the blue room first .
avoid the orange room until you enter the yellow room .
navigate to the orange room then continue to landmark 2 .
navigate through landmark 3 then go to landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room before going to the purple room .
first go to the orange room and then go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 and always avoid the yellow room
go to the second floor always avoiding the blue room .
go to the green room , avoiding landmark 2 .
navigate to the green room staying on the second floor .
avoid the red room until going to the yellow room .
go to the third floor avoiding the green room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the green room
avoid the orange room , navigate to the purple room .
avoid the red room until passing landmark 3 .
always go through landmark 3 and then to the orange room .
go to first floor and then to landmark 3
go to the yellow room , then go to the third floor .
go to landmark 1 always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the red room without going to the green room . if you reached the red room , now you can go to the green room .
always go through landmark 2 and then to the purple room .
navigate to the orange room then continue to landmark 3 .
move to the second floor , travelling through landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 avoiding the orange room . then go to the orange room or stay on landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 through the yellow room
avoid the red room
go to the orange room by first visiting landmark 3 .
go through the second floor to the yellow room .
go to the purple room while always avoiding landmark 1
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the green room .
avoid the yellow room until reaching landmark 3 .
go to the yellow room only through the 1st floor
go to blue room and then to green room
navigate through landmark 3 and go to the green room .
first navigate to the yellow room , then make your way to the purple room .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to the third floor .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark 2. if you reached the green room , then you can proceed to landmark 2 .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the blue room .
go to the yellow room through landmark 1
travel through the blue room then go to the purple room .
go to the blue room while avoiding landmark 3
go to landmark 1 , then up to landmark 3 .
always go to landmark 1 before navigating to the blue room .
avoid the red room until you go through the purple room .
go to the second floor , and then go to the first floor .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the green room .
without leaving the red room go to landmark 1 .
go to the purple room and avoid the green room .
go from the orange room to the purple room
navigate to the yellow room then continue to landmark 1 .
go to the green room through the 2nd floor
go to landmark 2 and always avoid the yellow room
avoid landmark 1 until navigating to the green room .
go to the blue room without going to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 3 but do not first go through the green room .
go to the third floor but do not go through the red room first .
avoid the blue room until passing landmark 2 .
avoid the orange room until going to the second floor .
head to the purple room but first go to the second floor .
head to the yellow room , but make sure to go through the blue room first .
go through the purple room first , then go to the red room .
always avoid landmark 2 and go to the green room .
avoid the purple room until going to the red room .
avoid the green room until landmark 2 .
proceed to the yellow room by going through the red room .
navigate to landmark 3 then continue to the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the purple room .
go to purple room , but do not go to green room .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the purple room
navigate to the second floor then continue to landmark 2 .
go to the second floor then go to the red room
avoid the purple room
go to the yellow room without going through the green room .
avoid the purple room before you navigate to the second floor .
move towards orange room and then to second floor .
go to the yellow room via landmark 2 .
go to landmark 1 without leaving the orange room .
go to landmark 3 and then go to the yellow room .
go to the third floor via the yellow room .
go to the first floor and then go to the red room .
go to the first floor via the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 and remain within the yellow room .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through the orange room
navigate to the first floor always passing through the third floor .
always go from the third floor to the first floor .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark 1 .
go from 2nd floor to red room .
go to landmark 2 without leaving orange room .
avoid the purple room until you enter the yellow room .
first go to landmark 2 , then go to the blue room .
go to the 3rd floor but do not go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 but do not first go through the red room .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the orange room .
always avoid landmark 3 and go to landmark 2 .
without leaving the second floor go to the red room .
avoid landmark 3 until navigating to the red room .
avoid the purple room until landmark 2 .
go from the first floor to the yellow room
go to the third floor then the first floor .
go to second floor without going into the blue room
while remaining within the blue room , go to landmark 3 .
go through landmark 3 and navigate to the orange room .
avoid landmark 3 until you pass through yellow room .
go to the yellow room without going to landmark 3 .
go from the 1st floor to landmark 3
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through landmark 1
avoid landmark 3 until you have passed through landmark 2
go to landmark 1 while always avoiding the orange room
go to landmark 1 before navigating to the first floor .
go to the orange room through landmark 2
visit the purple room and then move to the second floor .
go to the yellow room without going through the purple room .
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the purple room .
go to the green room through the blue room
go to the second floor through the red room .
move to the yellow room avoiding landmark 3. if you got to the yellow room then you can continue to landmark 3 .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the green room .
go to the second floor via the blue room .
avoid the purple room and go to the orange room .
avoid the blue room until you go to landmark 3 .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark 1 and then stay in the purple room or continue to landmark 1
navigate to the orange room by passing through the first floor .
go to the third floor but do not go through the yellow room first .
go to landmark 2 via the first floor .
always go through the purple room to get to the orange room .
move to landmark 1 after moving to the second floor .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the blue room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the blue room .
go through the red room , then make your way to landmark 3 .
go to the third floor , and then go to the first floor .
go to the green room , then go to the red room .
go through landmark 2 to the yellow room .
go to the green room without going to the red room . if you reached the green room , now you can go to the red room .
proceed to landmark 2 but avoid landmark 1 on the way . if you have reached landmark 2 then you can proceed to landmark 1 .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark 1
avoid going through landmark 2 until you go through the red room .
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the red room .
go to the first floor and then go to the orange room .
go to the first floor avoiding the orange room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the orange room
avoid the purple room on your way to landmark 2 .
go to the first floor but do not go through the red room first .
proceed to the red room without going to any other floors .
navigate from the first floor to the orange room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark 2 and stop
go to the purple room but do not enter the green room first .
go to landmark 1 while always avoiding the blue room .
head to landmark 2 after going to the purple room .
go to the purple room before you go to landmark 1 .
go through the blue room before going to landmark 3
navigate to the orange room before you go to landmark 3 .
stay on the second floor and go to landmark 1 .
avoid the purple room until going through landmark 1 .
go directly to landmark 2 by only moving in the red room .
go to landmark 3 through the second floor .
always avoid the orange room and go to the green room .
first navigate to the purple room , then make your way to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until you navigate to the first floor .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through the yellow room
avoid the landmark 2 and go to the second floor .
go to the purple room by first going through the red room .
avoid landmark 3 until navigating to the orange room .
go to the second floor but avoid the yellow room .
stay on the second floor while going to the red room .
go to landmark 1 and avoid the purple room .
always avoid the red room while navigating to the third floor .
go to the 3rd floor but avoid landmark 3 .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the red room .
avoid the orange room and go to the first floor .
navigate to the third floor before going to the first floor .
start on the 3rd floor , go directly to the 1st floor .
avoid the orange room until you go through the green room .
visit the red room and then move to the first floor .
avoid landmark 1 until going to landmark 3 .
navigate to the green room , always avoiding the purple room .
navigate to the purple room , always avoiding the red room .
head to landmark 3 after going to the red room .
avoid landmark 1 until you go to the red room .
first go to landmark 2 , then go to the red room .
go through landmark 2 and then to the 1st floor .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the blue room .
avoid the green room
go through the orange room before going to landmark 3
go to the orange room without going to landmark 2 .
navigate to the second floor and avoid landmark 3 .
avoid the purple room until you go through the red room .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the blue room .
go to landmark 1 without changing floors
go to landmark 1 by only stepping in the orange room .
avoid the purple room and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid landmark 1 and go to the second floor .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the green room .
do n't leave the purple room and go to landmark 3 .
head to the yellow room , but make sure to go through the orange room first .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the green room
move to landmark 1 and then proceed to the orange room .
go to the third floor then go landmark 1 .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark 3 .
go to the third floor through landmark 2 .
go from 1st floor to landmark 1 .
navigate to the second floor through the red room .
go to the second floor by first going through the purple room .
avoid the purple room until you go to landmark 3 .
go to the first floor , then navigate to the blue room .
go through the yellow room , then make your way to landmark 2 .
go to the first floor without going through the red room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the red room , or be done .
without leaving the yellow room go to landmark 3 .
go to the second floor , then go to the yellow room .
move to the orange room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
go to the purple room and then navigate to the orange room .
go to the orange room by first visiting landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 but do not first pass through landmark 3 .
go through the orange room before navigating to landmark 3 .
avoid the blue room and go to the red room .
go to the orange room by first going through landmark 2 .
always avoid the blue room , go to the third floor .
stay on the second floor and go to the blue room .
go from the 2nd floor to the red room
avoid the green room until you go to landmark 2 .
navigate to the first floor and avoid landmark 2 .
go to the blue room while staying on the first floor .
go to landmark 3 through the third floor .
go to landmark 3 before going to the second floor .
go to the third floor then go landmark 3 .
avoid the red room until landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 3 and go to landmark 1. if you 've reached landmark 1 then you can go to landmark 3 .
move to landmark 3 and then proceed to the green room .
head to the blue room and then head to the first floor .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark 2 .
move to the green room and then move to landmark 1 .
always avoid the purple room to navigate to landmark 1 .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the blue room .
go to the third floor by first going through the green room .
go to the first floor via landmark 1 .
navigate to the green room then continue to landmark 3 .
go to the third floor via the orange room .
avoid the purple room and travel to the green room .
always avoid landmark 1 and navigate to the first floor .
go to the orange room through the blue room .
move to the orange room and then move to landmark 2 .
navigate to the orange room through the red room .
always navigate to orange room and then proceed to first floor .
move to the yellow room and then move to landmark 1 .
avoid the green room and go to landmark 1. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the green room or stay on landmark 1 .
always go through the purple room before going to landmark 2 .
go to the blue room through the third floor .
navigate to the orange room after going to the third floor .
travel through the yellow room then go to the purple room .
go to landmark 1 without leaving the red room .
go to landmark 2 via the third floor .
go to the blue room but avoid landmark 1. if you reached to the blue room then you can head to landmark 1 or stay put .
avoid the blue room and navigate to the orange room .
go to the yellow room and then go to the purple room .
go through the orange room first , then go to the green room .
always avoid landmark 1 and navigate to the second floor .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark 3 .
go to the green room by touching the red room .
go to the purple room and go down to the 1st floor .
avoid landmark 3 until going to the red room .
proceed to landmark 3 but avoid landmark 1 on the way . if you have reached landmark 3 then you can proceed to landmark 1 .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark 2. if you reached the yellow room then you may go to landmark 2 .
visit landmark 1 but do n't leave the third floor .
always avoid the orange room , go to landmark 2 .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark 2 and then stay in the purple room or continue to landmark 2
go through the third floor and navigate to the red room .
always go to landmark 1 before landmark 2 .
avoid the red room until going to landmark 3 .
first navigate to the blue room , then make your way to the orange room .
go to landmark 1 but do not enter the blue room first .
go to landmark 3 without changing floors .
go to landmark 1 avoiding the purple room . then go to the purple room or stay on landmark 1 .
move to the purple room first then travel to landmark 2 .
go to the first floor by first going through the red room .
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the orange room
navigate to the first floor , and then navigate to the second floor .
go to the first floor then go to the second floor .
go to the purple room without going to the yellow room
pass through the blue room before going to the second floor .
avoid the red room until going to the orange room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the first floor .
go to the green room without touching landmark one .
navigate from the third floor to the orange room .
go to the first floor but never go to the yellow room .
first go to to landmark 3 then go to the green room .
go to the blue room without touching landmark one .
travel to the 1st floor and then go to landmark 1 .
stay in the green room and go to landmark 3
go to landmark 2 and then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 while always avoiding the yellow room
go through the red room to the green room .
always avoid landmark 2 and go to the purple room .
go to landmark 3 via the first floor .
navigate to the third floor but do n't ever go to landmark 3 .
go to the yellow room without going to the orange room
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the orange room .
always avoid the green room while navigating to the second floor .
pass through the yellow room before going to the second floor .
avoid the red room on your way to the purple room . once you get to the purple room you can to the red room .
first navigate to the orange room , then make your way to the red room .
go to a spot in the orange room , but do n't touch landmark 3 .
travel to the 1st floor and then go to landmark 3 .
move to the blue room first then travel to landmark 3 .
avoid the red room until you go to the orange room .
go to or through the green room . always avoid going to the green room through landmark 1
move to landmark 3 and then proceed to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the yellow room .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the orange room .
go to the second floor then move to the green room .
go from the 2nd floor to the purple room
go to the yellow room , then go to the red room .
proceed to the red room but do n't leave the first floor .
navigate through landmark 3 to the third floor .
navigate to the first floor before going to landmark 2 .
go to the purple room before you go to landmark 2 .
move to the yellow room avoiding landmark 2. if you got to the yellow room then you can continue to landmark 2 .
go from the 2nd floor to the red room
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the blue room .
avoid the orange room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the orange room .
avoid the purple room and navigate to the orange room .
from the first floor , navigate to the orange room .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark 2. if you reached the orange room , then you can proceed to landmark 2 .
go to a spot in the purple room , but do n't touch landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room and avoid the red room .
while remaining within the red room , go to landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 3 and go to landmark 2. if you have reached landmark 2 then you can go to landmark 3 .
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the orange room .
go to the yellow room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the yellow room then you can go to the red room .
go to the second floor then go landmark 1 .
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the red room
go to landmark 3 , then go to landmark 2 .
always go to landmark 2 before navigating to the orange room .
avoid the red room until you navigate to the third floor .
go to landmark 2 but do not first go through the blue room .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark 1 .
go through the yellow room before going to the orange room .
go to landmark 2 after going to landmark 1 .
without leaving the blue room go to landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 1 and move into the orange room .
go to landmark 1 before going to the green room
go to the purple room without going to the orange room
go to landmark 2 through the 1st floor
go to landmark 3 then go to the blue room .
go to landmark 2 by avoiding the orange room and then stay there or continue to the orange room .
navigate to the blue room staying on the third floor .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the yellow room .
pass through landmark 2 before going to the first floor .
go to the yellow room through the third floor .
avoid the landmark 3 and go to the first floor .
go to landmark 3 avoiding the first and third floors .
go to landmark 2 while always avoiding the purple room .
go to the third floor then go to the second floor .
stay in the green room and go to landmark 2 and stop
navigate to the purple room after going to the first floor .
avoid landmark 3 and proceed to landmark 1
avoid the yellow room until after going to the second floor .
navigate to the green room after going to the second floor .
always pass landmark 2 to get to level 1 .
go through the blue room before navigating to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 , then head to the third floor .
go through the yellow room to landmark 3 .
move to the yellow room avoiding landmark 1. if you got to the yellow room then you can continue to landmark 1 .
go to the first floor always avoiding the purple room .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the orange room .
go to landmark one , then down to the green room .
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the green room
go to the yellow room without going through the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until passing landmark 2 .
navigate to landmark 2 , always avoiding landmark 3 .
go to the green room without going to the purple room .
avoid landmark 3 until navigating to the blue room .
always avoid landmark 3 and navigate to the orange room .
stay on the third floor while navigating to landmark 3 .
avoid the yellow room until going to landmark 2 .
go to the third floor , then go to the green room .
go to the third floor then go to landmark 3 .
avoid the red room until you go through the green room .
stay on the third floor and go to the red room .
go to the second floor without going to the blue room .
go to the red room , then go to the purple room .
avoid the purple room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the purple room , or just stay on the second floor .
go to landmark 2 and then go to the first floor .
avoid the blue room and go to the green room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the purple room .
go to landmark 3 and avoid the yellow room .
stay on the second floor while navigating to landmark 2 .
navigate to the orange room after going to the first floor .
from the first floor , navigate to the purple room .
go to the first floor but avoid the red room .
go to the 1st floor through the blue room
got to landmark 1 through the green room .
navigate to the blue room then continue to landmark 2 .
stay on the first floor and navigate to landmark 1 .
go to the third floor and then go to the red room .
go to the blue room via landmark 1 .
go to a spot in the blue room , but do n't touch landmark 1 .
move to the third floor by going through the purple room
avoid the red room until navigating to the purple room .
go to the orange room without touching landmark one .
go to the second floor then go to landmark 3 .
proceed to landmark 3 , but never move outside of the red room .
go to landmark 2 and avoid the green room
go to the yellow room and then navigate to the orange room .
avoid landmark 3 and move into the yellow room .
go to the yellow room , avoiding landmark 2 .
navigate to the first floor but do n't ever go to landmark 2 .
navigate to the green room through the purple room .
go to the third floor , then navigate to the blue room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the orange room .
go through the purple room to the green room .
go to landmark 3 avoiding the blue room . then go to the blue room or stay on landmark 3 .
navigate to the green room staying on the first floor .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the red room .
go from the 2nd floor to the blue room
go to the red room by first going through the purple room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark 3 .
go to the second floor by first going to the third floor .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the red room .
go to or through the yellow room . always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark 2
navigate to the yellow room through the orange room .
move to the green room without leaving the second floor .
go to the blue room without going through the orange room .
go to landmark 1 from the third floor only .
always avoid the orange room , go to the third floor .
first go to landmark 1 , then go to the purple room .
go to orange room , but do not go to red room .
move to the second floor , travelling through the orange room .
go to green room and then to purple room
go to the green room and avoid the red room .
go to landmark 3 while avoiding the first and third floor .
avoid landmark 2 until you go to the purple room .
go through landmark 2 on your way to the third floor .
always go through landmark 3 and then to the blue room .
go to landmark 2 .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the purple room .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the red room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the red room .
always avoid the green room and go to the purple room .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the orange room .
navigate to the red room by passing through the first floor .
avoid the purple room
avoid the purple room until going to landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 1 and proceed to landmark 3
move to the green room avoiding landmark 2. if you got to the green room then you can continue to landmark 2 .
go to the green room and avoid the yellow room .
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the orange room .
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the yellow room
move to the green room avoiding landmark 3. if you got to the green room then you can continue to landmark 3 .
go to the 3rd floor but do not go to landmark 2 .
go through the yellow room and navigate to the third floor .
go through the second floor to landmark 2 .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark 2 and then stay in the green room or continue to landmark 2
go to landmark 1 and always avoid the red room
go to the red room by first going through the green room .
head to landmark 2 after going to the red room .
stay on the first floor while navigating to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 while avoiding the first and third floor .
go to landmark 3 and then the green room
avoid the green room until you go to the second floor .
always avoid the blue room to navigate to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 2 by only stepping in the blue room .
move to landmark 2 and then proceed to the orange room .
go to the green room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the green room then you can go to the orange room .
go directly to the orange room without changing floors .
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the blue room .
do directly to landmark 3 without leaving the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until you go to the blue room .
go to the blue room , avoiding landmark 1 .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark 2. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the purple room or stay on landmark 2 .
avoid landmark 1 until you go to the blue room .
advance to landmark 1 but always avoid the purple room .
go directly to landmark 3 and do not leave the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until landmark 3 .
navigate to the yellow room , always avoiding the purple room .
go to second floor without going into the green room
go to the yellow room , avoiding landmark 1 .
stay on the third floor and move to landmark 1 .
stay on the third floor and navigate to landmark 2 .
avoid the yellow room until going to the blue room .
go through the yellow room to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 always avoiding the red room .
go to the red room through the second floor .
go to landmark 3 without changing floors
avoid the purple room until after going to the first floor .
go directly to landmark 3 and do not leave the red room .
go to the second floor but do not go through the purple room first .
always go through the red room before going to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 by only navigating within the orange room .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the red room .
go through landmark 2 before going to the blue room .
avoid the blue room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the blue room , or just stay on the second floor .
go to landmark 3 while always avoiding the blue room
proceed to landmark 2 , but never move outside of the purple room .
remain on the first floor and move to the purple room .
go to the purple room and if you have reached the purple room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the purple room .
go to the orange room but do not enter the yellow room first .
go to the green room avoiding landmark 1 .
go to the green room while always avoiding the orange room
go to the first floor and then head to landmark 1 .
avoid the purple room and go to the second floor .
go to landmark 1 always avoiding the orange room .
navigate to the blue room before you go to landmark 3 .
go through the purple room before going to landmark 2
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the red room
go to landmark 3 and always avoid the blue room
go from 2nd floor to purple room .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to the first floor .
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the yellow room .
move to the yellow room without leaving the first floor .
go to the first floor through the green room .
go to the orange room and avoid the red room .
navigate to the third floor through the red room .
always go to landmark 3 before navigating to the blue room .
travel through the red room then go to the orange room .
go through landmark 3 before going to the yellow room .
pass through the orange room on your way to the third floor .
go to the first floor avoiding the blue room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the blue room
remain on the first floor while going to the yellow room .
go to 1st floor . then go directly to landmark 1
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the green room .
go to landmark 3 and then go to the blue room .
navigate to the first floor then continue to landmark 3 .
always avoid the red room while navigating to the first floor .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark 2 .
go directly to the orange room without changing floors .
while remaining within the green room , go to landmark 1 .
go through the green room to the second floor .
go to the red room without going to the blue room
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the purple room
go to the orange room without touching landmark 1 .
go through landmark 1 then go to landmark 2 .
go through the second floor to the green room .
go through the yellow room before going to the second floor .
go to the 3rd floor but avoid landmark 2 .
go to the third floor but never go to the blue room .
avoid the red room until landmark 3 .
avoid landmark 2 until after the red room
avoid landmark 3 until you pass through orange room .
go through the blue room before going to the red room .
proceed to the green room without going to any other floors .
go to the yellow room without going to the orange room . if you reached the yellow room , now you can go to the orange room .
go to landmark 1 and proceed to landmark 3 .
stay on the first floor to get to landmark 1 .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the purple room .
avoid landmark 2 until after the purple room
navigate to the third floor and avoid landmark 2 .
go to the 1st floor through the green room
go to the green room by first going through the purple room .
stay on the second floor and navigate to landmark 1 .
move to the purple room avoiding landmark 2. if you got to the purple room then you can continue to landmark 2 .
move to the blue room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
go to landmark 3 before going to the orange room .
go to the blue room while always avoiding landmark 2
go through landmark 2 and then to the 1st floor .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark 3 .
go through landmark 1 before going to the first floor .
go to landmark 2 and avoid the orange room .
avoid landmark 2 until navigating to the green room .
always avoid the red room , go to the second floor .
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the blue room
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the red room .
always avoid landmark 3 and go to the purple room .
go to the orange room and go down to the 1st floor .
go to the second floor without going through the red room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the red room , or be done .
avoid the green room on your way to the purple room . once you get to the purple room you can to the green room .
navigate through landmark 3 and go to the orange room .
move to the yellow room and then the purple room .
go to landmark 1 by avoiding the purple room and then stay there or continue to the purple room .
avoid the purple room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the purple room , or just stay on the first floor .
go to landmark 2 but do not first pass through landmark 1 .
navigate to the green room staying on the third floor .
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the green room
avoid the orange room until you enter the green room .
avoid the purple room until reaching the second floor .
travel through the purple room then go to the orange room .
go to the green room , then go to the first floor .
go to the green room by touching the orange room .
go to landmark 2 through the first floor .
go from the red room to the green room
avoid the red room before you navigate to the third floor .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the orange room
go to the second floor but never go to the red room .
go to the orange room and if you have reached the orange room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the orange room .
always pass landmark 3 to get to level 1 .
avoid the blue room and travel to the yellow room .
avoid the red room and go to the purple room .
go to the blue room through the 2nd floor
go to the second floor via landmark 2 .
go to the second floor by going through landmark 1 .
go to purple room and then to green room
go through the blue room , then make your way to landmark 3 .
go to the green room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the green room , now you can go to the yellow room .
go through landmark 3 before going to the red room .
visit the red room and then move to the third floor .
avoid the blue room until reaching the first floor .
go to the purple room , then go to the first floor .
go to landmark 3 while always avoiding the red room
go to the orange room and then go to landmark 2 .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark 1. if you reached the blue room , then you can proceed to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 before going to the red room
avoid landmark 1 and go to the second floor .
navigate to the first floor via the orange room .
avoid going through landmark 1 until you go through the orange room .
go to landmark 2 while staying on the second floor .
avoid landmark 3 until after reaching landmark 1 .
navigate to the yellow room after going to the second floor .
avoid the red room and go to landmark 3
go to the green room by touching the yellow room .
go to the purple room without going to the blue room
stay on the first floor while going to the purple room .
go to the first floor through the second floor .
go through landmark 1 and then to the 1st floor .
navigate to landmark 2 then continue to the blue room .
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the green room .
go to the yellow room by first going through the orange room .
go to the orange room without going to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 and proceed to landmark 2 .
go to the orange room without going to the green room . if you reached the orange room , now you can go to the green room .
do directly to landmark 3 without leaving the green room .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through the green room
go from the yellow room to the red room
go to landmark 1 but do not enter the yellow room first .
go to yellow room , but do not go to red room .
go to the purple room without going through the green room .
navigate to the green room after going to the first floor .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the yellow room .
proceed to the red room but do n't leave the second floor .
go to landmark 2 and always avoid the orange room
avoid the green room until reaching the second floor .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to the second floor .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark 3
go to the orange room by first going through the green room .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark 1
go to landmark 3 but do not enter the purple room first .
always go through the green room and then to landmark 2 .
go to landmark one , then down to the red room .
go directly to landmark 3 by only moving in the orange room .
move to landmark 2 without leaving the second floor .
go to landmark 2 then go to the orange room .
go to landmark 1 through the second floor .
always avoid landmark 1 and go to the second floor .
always avoid the purple room and go to landmark 3 .
go to second floor without going into the red room
go to the green room while avoiding landmark 2
go to landmark 1 through the blue room
go through the red room , then make your way to landmark 1 .
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the orange room .
navigate to the purple room then continue to landmark 2 .
first move to landmark 1 then navigate to the purple room .
go to landmark 2 after going to landmark 3 .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the purple room
first go to landmark 3 , then go to the orange room .
go to the orange room but do not enter the red room first .
avoid the orange room until going to the first floor .
go through the orange room before going to landmark 1
first navigate to landmark 1 , then go to landmark 2 .
always avoid the orange room to navigate to landmark 1 .
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the orange room .
avoid the green room until after you 've gone to the yellow room .
go through landmark 1 before going to the orange room .
avoid the orange room , navigate to the red room .
go to the green room without going to the orange room
go from the third floor to the yellow room
go to landmark 3 before going to the red room
without leaving the first floor go to the orange room .
go through landmark 1 on your way to the first floor .
go to the purple room by first going through the blue room .
go to the yellow room by first visiting landmark 2 .
go to the green room while always avoiding landmark 3
move to the red room first then travel to landmark 3 .
go to the green room via landmark 3 .
without stepping outside of the blue room , go to landmark 1 .
pass through the orange room on your way to the second floor .
avoid the blue room before you navigate to the first floor .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the blue room .
avoid the purple room until you go to the second floor .
go to the yellow room but do not enter the purple room first .
go to landmark 1 from the second floor only .
go through the green room to landmark 1 .
always avoid the red room while navigating to landmark 2 .
go through the second floor to the purple room .
always avoid the orange room and navigate to the first floor .
avoid landmark 2 until going to the purple room .
go to the purple room without going to the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 through the first floor .
move to the orange room first then travel to landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the blue room
go to landmark one , then down to the yellow room .
without leaving the red room go to landmark 2 .
go to the blue room without going to the red room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the red room .
head to the yellow room but first go to the second floor .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark 1 .
proceed to the red room but do n't leave the third floor .
go to the blue room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the yellow room .
always avoid the red room to navigate to landmark 3 .
go from the purple room to the red room
avoid landmark 2 and go to the second floor .
go to the blue room without going to landmark 3 .
go to the orange room and avoid the green room .
go through the red room before going to landmark 1
avoid landmark 1 until going to the purple room .
stay in the blue room to get to landmark 3 .
go to the third floor , then go to the blue room .
go to the green room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the green room then you can go to the red room .
go to the green room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the green room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
move to the second floor , travelling through landmark 2 .
avoid the orange room and go to the green room .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the green room .
go to yellow room and then to green room
avoid the purple room and go to the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 by avoiding the red room and then stay there or continue to the red room .
go to landmark 2 from the second floor only .
avoid the purple room until after you 've gone to the green room .
avoid the purple room until after going to the second floor .
navigate to the red room after going to the first floor .
move to the first floor , travelling through the green room .
go to the second floor but never go to the blue room .
proceed to landmark 3 , but never move outside of the yellow room .
move to the third floor , travelling through the orange room .
go to the purple room through the red room
go to landmark 3 avoiding the orange room . then go to the orange room or stay on landmark 3 .
proceed to the purple room by going through the red room .
go to the green room while always avoiding landmark 1
go to landmark 3 while always avoiding the orange room
move to the red room and then the green room .
go to the green room and then go to the yellow room .
first go to the orange room and then go to landmark 2 .
navigate to the first floor then continue to landmark 2 .
move to the third floor without entering the purple room .
go to second floor without going into the purple room
go from the purple room to the orange room
move towards green room and then to third floor .
go to the green room by first going through the red room .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark 2. if you reached the orange room then you may go to landmark 2 .
navigate through landmark 2 and go to the orange room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark 2 .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the green room .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the orange room .
go to the red room via landmark 1 .
always go through the yellow room and then to landmark 1 .
always go to landmark 2 before navigating to the green room .
go through the third floor to the second floor .
go to landmark 3 then go to the green room .
avoid the yellow room , navigate to the orange room .
avoid the green room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the green room .
always avoid the red room and go to the yellow room .
avoid landmark 1 and go to landmark 3 .
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the purple room
move to landmark 1. do n't change floors if already on 2nd floor .
go to the red room but do not enter the purple room first .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark 2 .
navigate to the red room but never go to the green room .
go to landmark 1 and remain within the red room .
go to the red room while staying on the first floor .
go to the first floor by first going through the green room .
go directly to landmark 2 by only moving in the green room .
go to landmark 2 and avoid the red room .
always avoid landmark 3 and navigate to the green room .
go to the third floor avoiding the purple room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the purple room
navigate from the second floor to the yellow room .
always avoid the yellow room and go to the green room .
go through the orange room then to the first floor .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the blue room .
avoid the purple room until you enter the green room .
go to a spot in the orange room , but do n't touch landmark 1 .
go to the orange room without going to the purple room . if you reached the orange room , now you can go to the purple room .
avoid the blue room until going to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 , avoid the green room until you have been to the landmark .
go to landmark 3 only through the 2nd floor
always go through the yellow room before going to landmark 1 .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the green room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the green room .
always avoid the purple room and navigate to the second floor .
go to the red room without going to the orange room
go to the second floor and avoid the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 but always avoid landmark 1 .
go to the third floor then the second floor .
avoid the yellow room until reaching landmark 1 .
navigate to the second floor , avoiding landmark 2 .
go to landmark 2 before going to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until passing landmark 3 .
go to the third floor before you navigate to landmark 1 .
remain on the third floor while going to the blue room .
go directly to landmark 3 by only moving in the yellow room .
go to the second floor but avoid landmark 2 .
first go to the red room and then go to landmark 1 .
go to the red room before going to the green room .
avoid the green room until going to the purple room .
navigate to the red room , always avoiding the orange room .
go to the third floor but avoid the green room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark 3. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the yellow room or stay on landmark 3 .
go to the green room without going to the red room
avoid the orange room until you navigate to landmark 2 .
move to landmark 2 without entering the blue room . then you may stay at landmark 2 or go to the blue room .
avoid the yellow room until after you 've gone to the green room .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the blue room
navigate to the orange room staying on the second floor .
head to the blue room and then head to the second floor .
go to the orange room without going to the yellow room
go to landmark 1 by only navigating within the orange room .
get to landmark 2 , while avoiding landmark 3
go to landmark 2 but remain on the third floor .
always go through the blue room to get to the green room .
go to the purple room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the purple room then you can go to the green room .
travel through the yellow room then go to the orange room .
go through the blue room then to the first floor .
move to the first floor , travelling through the orange room .
go to the orange room by touching the purple room .
go to the first floor but avoid landmark 2 .
go to the first floor then move to the green room .
navigate to the red room by passing through the second floor .
first move to landmark 2 then navigate to the green room .
avoid the green room , navigate to the red room .
head to the orange room , but make sure to go through the yellow room first .
advance to landmark 2 but always avoid the green room .
head to the yellow room and then head to the second floor .
move to the red room avoiding landmark 3. if you got to the red room then you can continue to landmark 3 .
move to the blue room without changing floors .
navigate to the second floor through the orange room .
go to landmark 1 through the green room .
go to landmark 2 before navigating to the first floor .
go directly to landmark 2 and do not leave the green room .
avoid the red room until going to the blue room .
go to the purple room by touching the blue room .
go to the purple room while always avoiding the orange room
go through landmark 3 and navigate to the green room .
go to landmark one , then down to the orange room .
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the blue room .
avoid the blue room until passing landmark 3 .
move to the red room and then the yellow room .
go directly to landmark 2 by only moving in the yellow room .
avoid the green room and travel to the yellow room .
go to the purple room without going to the orange room .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark 1 .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the green room .
proceed to the blue room without going to any other floors .
go to the orange room before going to the green room .
avoid landmark 3 and go to the purple room .
go to the second floor after you go to the third floor .
go to landmark 2 only through the 2nd floor
go through the red room and navigate to the second floor .
go through the orange room , then make your way to landmark 3 .
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the blue room .
go to the purple room , then go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 but do not first go through the orange room .
navigate to the first floor through the blue room .
go to landmark 1 by avoiding the red room and then stay there or continue to the red room .
go from the 2nd floor to the blue room
navigate to the third floor through the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to the third floor .
do not go into the yellow room until going to landmark 3
go to landmark 1 , then head to the second floor .
go to the first floor , then go to the orange room .
go to landmark 1 while avoiding the first and third floor .
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the red room first .
go to landmark 1 and then go to the blue room .
always pass landmark 1 to get to level 1 .
move to the first floor but go through landmark 1 first .
navigate to the purple room after going to the second floor .
go through the first floor and navigate to the red room .
avoid landmark 3 until reaching the blue room .
go to the green room and avoid the purple room .
visit the yellow room and then move to the first floor .
go through landmark 3 to the first floor .
go to landmark 3 but do not first go through the yellow room .
go to first floor without going into the orange room
go to landmark 1 .
move to the purple room without leaving the second floor .
go to landmark 2 by only stepping in the green room .
always avoid the green room and go to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark 3 and then stay in the yellow room or continue to landmark 3
go to the red room through the orange room
navigate to the red room staying on the second floor .
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the blue room .
go through the yellow room before navigating to landmark 1 .
navigate to landmark 3 through the second floor .
go to landmark 3 before going to the purple room .
go to landmark 2 through landmark 3
avoid the blue room and go to the second floor .
move to landmark 2 , but travel to the 1st floor first .
always go to landmark 1 before navigating to the orange room .
first go to the red room and then go to landmark 2 .
go to the third floor via the red room .
go to the red room without going to the yellow room .
go to the second floor then go landmark 3 .
go to the blue room without going to the green room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the green room .
move to the red room avoiding landmark 1. if you got to the red room then you can continue to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 1 , then head to the first floor .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding landmark 2
go to the orange room through the third floor .
avoid the red room until you go to the yellow room .
without leaving the second floor go to the yellow room .
go to the purple room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the purple room then you can go to the orange room .
stay on the first floor and go to landmark 3 .
go through the red room before going to the purple room .
go to the green room without going to another floor .
always avoid the green room and go to landmark 1 .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark 1 .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the red room .
navigate to the first floor before going to the purple room .
avoid the red room until after you 've gone to the orange room .
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the purple room
go from the second floor to the purple room .
always avoid the orange room and go to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until reaching the first floor .
go to landmark 1 and then the purple room
always avoid landmark 1 and navigate to the purple room .
stay in the red room and go to landmark 1
avoid the blue room until reaching landmark 3 .
navigate to the second floor before going to the orange room .
go to the purple room through the second floor
go to the second floor but avoid landmark 1 .
go to the red room before you go to landmark 3 .
go from 1st floor to landmark 3 .
go to the purple room without touching landmark one .
go to the orange room while staying on the first floor .
go to the purple room through the yellow room
navigate through landmark 2 and go to the green room .
navigate to the third floor via the orange room .
go to the purple room before going to the green room .
go from the third floor to the blue room
do n't go into the red room until going to landmark 1
always avoid going to landmark 3 through the red room
avoid landmark 3 until you pass through green room .
go to landmark 2 without leaving the orange room .
go to the blue room , avoiding landmark 3 .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark 3 .
always avoid landmark 2 and navigate to the third floor .
move to the orange room avoiding landmark 3. if you got to the orange room then you can continue to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 by avoiding the blue room and then stay there or continue to the blue room .
go to landmark 2 while avoiding going through any other objects
stay away from the purple room and go to landmark 1 .
go to 1st floor . then go directly to landmark 1
avoid the green room until you go to the yellow room .
while always avoiding the purple room , go to landmark 2 .
go to the first floor , then go to the second floor .
go to the red room without going through the green room .
go to landmark 1 through the 1st floor
always avoid the yellow room , go to landmark 2 .
avoid landmark 3 until you go to the blue room .
while remaining within the orange room , go to landmark 2 .
avoid landmark 1 until navigating to the orange room .
without stepping outside of the red room , go to landmark 3 .
go to the third floor and avoid landmark 1 .
always go through the green room to get to the purple room .
go to the purple room without going through the yellow room .
from the third floor , navigate to the purple room .
go to the third floor avoiding landmark 3 .
pass through the green room before going to the second floor .
avoid landmark 3 until you go to the red room .
do n't go into the purple room until going to landmark 3
go to the third floor and avoid the red room .
go to the third floor by first going through the orange room .
avoid the red room until you go to the third floor .
first go to to landmark 2 then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark 1 only through the 2nd floor
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the orange room .
go through the third floor to the orange room
go to the first floor through the red room .
always go through landmark 1 and then to the orange room .
go through the orange room before going to the purple room .
go from 1st floor to landmark 3 .
avoid the green room and go to the third floor .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through the green room
from the third floor , navigate to the second floor .
avoid landmark 2 until reaching the purple room .
go to landmark 1 and then the yellow room
go to the 3rd floor but do not go to landmark 1 .
go to the yellow room through the second floor
avoid the orange room until you go to landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the green room .
avoid the purple room and travel to the yellow room .
go to the green room while staying on the third floor .
go to landmark 3 , then head to the second floor .
avoid landmark 3 until after you go to landmark 2 .
navigate to landmark 1 then continue to the purple room .
navigate to the orange room , always avoiding the green room .
go to the yellow room but do not enter the green room first .
stay on the first floor and move to landmark 1 .
go directly to the orange room without changing floors .
go to the first floor after going to the third floor .
avoid the yellow room until reaching the second floor .
go to the second floor and then head to landmark 2 .
go to first floor without going into the red room
go to the first floor and avoid the purple room .
always navigate to green room and then proceed to third floor .
stay on the first floor and move to landmark 3 .
go to the red room and go down to the 1st floor .
go to landmark 3 while always avoiding the purple room
go to the second floor then the first floor .
avoid the yellow room before you navigate to the first floor .
avoid the yellow room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the yellow room .
go to the second floor but never go to the orange room .
avoid the red room and navigate to the green room .
go to the green room through landmark 3 .
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the green room .
always avoid the red room and go to landmark 3 .
go to the 1st floor through landmark 1
go through landmark 2 and navigate to the green room .
avoid the green room until you go to the red room .
navigate to the second floor before going to the yellow room .
go to the first floor avoiding the red room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the red room
first navigate to landmark 1 , then go to landmark 3 .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the red room .
go to blue room and then to yellow room
go to landmark 2 while staying on the third floor .
avoid landmark 1 and move into the purple room .
go to the third floor , then head to the first floor .
go to the green room through landmark 2
go to landmark 3 and avoid the green room .
go to the third floor via the green room .
go through landmark 1 before going to the second floor .
avoid the purple room and navigate to the red room .
navigate through landmark 3 and go to the blue room .
navigate to the yellow room staying on the second floor .
go to the red room only through the 1st floor
go to the third floor but avoid landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 without going to landmark 1
proceed to landmark 1 , but never move outside of the orange room .
go to landmark 2 before going to the purple room .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark 2
go to the first floor and then go directly to the second floor .
first go to landmark 2 , then go to the orange room .
go to the first floor and avoid the orange room .
visit the blue room and then move to the second floor .
avoid the orange room until you go to the second floor .
navigate to the red room then continue to landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark 2 .
go through landmark 3 to the green room .
go to the third floor , then go to the first floor .
navigate to the third floor , avoiding landmark 1 .
navigate from the third floor to the yellow room .
go to third floor and then to landmark 3
always go to landmark 3 before navigating to the green room .
go to landmark 3 via the second floor .
go to landmark 1 before going to the green room .
head to landmark 3 without changing floors .
remain on the first floor while going to the blue room .
go to or through the green room . always avoid going to the green room through landmark 3
remain on the second floor and move to the green room .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the green room .
first navigate to the blue room , then make your way to the yellow room .
avoid the red room before you navigate to the second floor .
go to the purple room and then go to landmark 1 .
from the first floor , navigate to the yellow room .
go to the third floor and avoid the orange room .
while remaining within the purple room , go to landmark 1 .
first navigate to the green room , then make your way to the orange room .
go to the green room but avoid landmark 2. if you reached to the green room then you can head to landmark 2 or stay put .
avoid the green room until you go through the orange room .
avoid the green room until you go to landmark 3 .
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the red room .
go to landmark 3 , then go to landmark 1 .
go through the purple room before going to the third floor .
go through the red room then to the third floor .
go to the orange room and then go to the red room .
always avoid landmark 1 and go to the purple room .
go to landmark 2 , avoid the purple room until you have been to the landmark .
go through the blue room , then make your way to landmark 2 .
always avoid landmark 2 and navigate to the first floor .
always avoid the red room and navigate to the second floor .
always pass landmark 1 before landmark 2 .
move to the orange room without changing floors .
go through landmark 2 before going to the purple room .
navigate to the orange room through the green room .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the red room .
go through the third floor and navigate to the orange room .
go through the blue room to the orange room .
avoid the purple room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the purple room , or just stay on the third floor .
go to the third floor but avoid the blue room .
go to the yellow room while staying on the first floor .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark 3
go to the yellow room and then go to the red room .
move to the orange room and then move to landmark 1 .
navigate to the blue room by passing through the second floor .
avoid the green room until after you 've gone to the red room .
go to the red room through landmark 3
go to the orange room by touching the green room .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark 1
navigate to the red room before you go to landmark 1 .
travel through the purple room then go to the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 always avoiding the green room .
go to landmark 1 through the first floor .
avoid the green room until going to landmark 2 .
go to the green room while always avoiding the yellow room
proceed to the red room by going through the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 without changing floors .
always avoid landmark 1 and navigate to landmark 2 .
navigate to the purple room then continue to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 , then up to landmark 1 .
go to the third floor and then head to landmark 1 .
go to the red room through the 2nd floor
go through the green room to the orange room .
navigate to the first floor through the red room .
avoid the green room and travel to the red room .
go to the red room but avoid landmark 2. if you reached to the red room then you can head to landmark 2 or stay put .
go to the red room through the third floor .
advance to landmark 1 but always avoid the green room .
stay in the purple room to get to landmark 2 .
go to the green room through the yellow room
go to the orange room , then go to the second floor .
go to landmark 1 after navigating to the third floor .
go through the second floor to the orange room .
go through the purple room first , then go to the yellow room .
go to the second floor and avoid the orange room .
travel to the 1st floor and then go to landmark 3 .
go through landmark 1 before going to the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 after navigating to the first floor .
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the green room .
avoid the purple room until passing landmark 3 .
go from the second floor to the green room .
go to the red room without going through the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the yellow room , or just stay on the first floor .
go to the first floor , and then go to the second floor .
navigate to landmark 1 through the green room .
go to landmark 3 , then head to the first floor .
visit landmark 1 but do n't leave the first floor .
navigate to the first floor via the yellow room .
go to the orange room but avoid landmark 3. if you reached to the orange room then you can head to landmark 3 or stay put .
go through the red room to the first floor .
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the yellow room
go through landmark 2 before going to the red room .
navigate to the third floor then continue to landmark 3 .
go through the yellow room to the second floor .
avoid landmark 2 until you go to the blue room .
always avoid the green room while navigating to landmark 2 .
go through the red room and navigate to the third floor .
pass through the purple room before going to the first floor .
go to the second floor but do not go through the blue room first .
go to the red room and then go to the green room .
go from the third floor to the orange room .
always avoid landmark 2 and go to the first floor .
move to the purple room and then the green room .
go to the second floor and then head to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 and then go to the first floor .
go to the first floor and avoid the green room .
always go to landmark 2 before navigating to the red room .
go to landmark 3 then go to the third floor .
remain on the first floor while going to the green room .
always go through the blue room before going to landmark 1 .
always avoid the blue room and go to the red room .
go to the second floor via landmark 1 .
move to landmark 3. do n't change floors if already on 2nd floor .
move to landmark 1 after moving to the first floor .
first move to landmark 2 then navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the yellow room .
navigate to the red room through the purple room .
while remaining within the yellow room , go to landmark 1 .
proceed to the red room without going to any other floors .
go to the green room by first going through the orange room .
go to the green room by first going through the yellow room .
navigate to the red room , always avoiding the green room .
go to purple room and then to red room
go to landmark 3 while always avoiding the yellow room
go directly to landmark 2 by only moving in the blue room .
remain on the second floor while going to the purple room .
move towards blue room and then to first floor .
first move to landmark 3 then navigate to the green room .
avoid the red room until after going to the third floor .
always avoid landmark 3 and go to landmark 1 .
go through the second floor and navigate to the green room .
go to landmark 3 always avoiding the blue room .
go to the red room without touching landmark 3 .
navigate from the third floor to the purple room .
navigate to the third floor through the green room .
go to the green room without touching landmark one .
navigate to the third floor before going to landmark 2 .
go to the purple room before going to the yellow room .
move to the third floor by going through the red room
avoid the purple room , navigate to the green room .
go directly to the yellow room without changing floors .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the green room .
avoid the green room until going through landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 and then go to the red room .
go to the red room without going to the blue room .
go through the orange room and navigate to the third floor .
navigate from the second floor to the green room .
always avoid the purple room , go to landmark 2 .
always avoid the yellow room and go to the orange room .
first navigate to the yellow room , then make your way to the green room .
go to landmark 1 and then go to the red room .
remain on the third floor while going to the red room .
first go to the green room and then go to landmark 1 .
always go through the orange room before going to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 before going to the red room .
go to the red room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the red room then you can go to the green room .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to the second floor .
go to landmark 1 before going to the orange room .
go to the orange room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the orange room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
go to the orange room but do not enter the green room first .
move to landmark 3 without entering the yellow room . then you may stay at landmark 3 or go to the yellow room .
go to the second floor avoiding landmark 1 .
always avoid landmark 1 and go to the third floor .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark 3 and then stay in the purple room or continue to landmark 3
stay on the second floor while going to the yellow room .
always avoid the yellow room , go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 while avoiding going through any other objects
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark 2 .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to landmark 3 .
go to the orange room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the orange room then you can go to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until passing landmark 2 .
go to the third floor then move to the orange room .
stay in the yellow room to get to landmark 3 .
go through the orange room then to the third floor .
navigate to the red room staying on the first floor .
go to the first floor but never go to the purple room .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the orange room .
avoid the blue room , navigate to the yellow room .
move to landmark 1 , but go through the green room first .
go to the first floor and then to landmark 2 .
move to the green room without changing floors .
move to the third floor and then head to landmark 2 .
proceed to the green room by going through the orange room .
go through the purple room and navigate to the first floor .
go to the orange room while staying on the second floor .
move to the first floor without entering the red room .
go to landmark 3 but always stay away from landmark 1 .
go through the first floor to the red room
avoid the orange room and navigate to the green room .
head to landmark 2 after going to the green room .
visit the third floor then go to the first floor .
move to the blue room and then the green room .
go to blue room and then to orange room
from the first floor , navigate to the red room .
go to the yellow room and then go to landmark 1 .
go to landmark one , then down to the yellow room .
first navigate to the purple room , then make your way to the orange room .
go to the yellow room without going through the red room .
always avoid landmark 3 and go to the first floor .
navigate to the first floor before going to the yellow room .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through landmark 3
go to the second floor via the orange room .
proceed to the blue room but do n't leave the third floor .
move to the orange room avoiding landmark 1. if you got to the orange room then you can continue to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 1 by only navigating within the green room .
navigate to the orange room by passing through the second floor .
go to yellow room , but do not go to green room .
avoid the landmark 3 and go to the third floor .
stay on the first floor and go to landmark 1 .
go from 2nd floor to green room .
go to landmark 3 before going to the third floor .
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the green room
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the blue room .
go to the second floor then move to the red room .
go to the blue room without going to landmark 1 .
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the yellow room .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to landmark 2 .
go from the first floor to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 without changing floors .
go to the yellow room and avoid landmark 3 .
go to the green room through the second floor
do n't leave the yellow room and go to landmark 3 .
proceed to the red room by going through the orange room .
remain on the second floor while going to the yellow room .
navigate to landmark 1 , always avoiding landmark 3 .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark 1 .
go to the second floor and avoid landmark 3 .
go to the first floor by going through landmark 3 .
navigate to the purple room , always avoiding the orange room .
stay in the green room and go to landmark 3 and stop
go through landmark 1 before going to the third floor .
go to orange room , but do not go to blue room .
go to landmark 3 and always avoid the green room
go to landmark 2 then go to the third floor .
go through the red room before going to landmark 2
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 1 then go to the second floor .
navigate to the purple room always avoiding the blue room .
go to the red room while always avoiding the orange room
stay on the second floor while going to the green room .
go to landmark 3 and avoid the orange room .
go to landmark 2 without leaving green room .
avoid landmark 3 , and go to landmark 2 .
go through the green room before going to the red room .
go to landmark 2 while always avoiding the yellow room .
avoid the blue room until going to landmark 2 .
go from 2nd floor to yellow room .
go through the red room before going to the second floor .
go to the orange room , then go to the first floor .
get to landmark 1 , while avoiding landmark 3
move to the purple room first then travel to landmark 1 .
go to the blue room and avoid landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 but do not first go through the blue room .
avoid landmark 1 until after you go to landmark 3 .
proceed to landmark 2 , but never move outside of the red room .
go to purple room , but do not go to blue room .
go to the red room , then go to the third floor .
stay in the blue room to get to landmark 2 .
avoid the red room and go to landmark 2 .
move to the second floor , travelling through the yellow room .
go to landmark 1 through landmark 3
proceed to landmark 1 , but never move outside of the purple room .
do n't go into the orange room until going to landmark 2
go to the first floor then move to the red room .
first navigate to the blue room , then make your way to the red room .
go to landmark 2 then go to the red room .
navigate to the yellow room staying on the third floor .
first go to to landmark 2 then go to the orange room .
go to the green room before you go to landmark 1 .
navigate to the red room , always avoiding the purple room .
go to landmark 2 avoiding the orange room . then go to the orange room or stay on landmark 2 .
go from the 3rd floor to the 1st floor
go to the yellow room through the red room
go to landmark 1 via the third floor .
navigate to landmark 1 through the purple room .
go to the orange room without touching landmark one .
go to landmark 1 by avoiding the yellow room and then stay there or continue to the yellow room .
always avoid landmark 3 and navigate to the yellow room .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the blue room .
go to the red room and then go to the purple room .
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the green room
go to landmark 2 , avoid the blue room until you have been to the landmark .
go through landmark 2 before going to the first floor .
navigate to landmark 3 then continue to the purple room .
avoid the purple room until navigating to the green room .
go through the orange room before going to the red room .
go from the blue room to the purple room
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the purple room .
navigate from the second floor to the orange room .
navigate to the orange room , always avoiding the red room .
head to the red room , but make sure to go through the purple room first .
avoid the purple room until reaching landmark 2 .
go to the blue room before going to the yellow room .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the purple room .
go from the orange room to the green room
go through the first floor and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the first floor , then go to the purple room .
go to or through the green room . always avoid going to the green room through landmark 2
go to first floor without going into the blue room
go to the first floor through the yellow room .
go to the blue room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the green room .
move to landmark 2. do n't change floors if already on 2nd floor .
go to the green room through the red room
always avoid the purple room and go to the yellow room .
avoid the green room until you enter the red room .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark 1 and stop
go to the first floor and avoid the yellow room .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the green room .
avoid the red room on your way to landmark 1 .
move to landmark 1 , but go through the red room first .
go to landmark one , then down to the orange room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark 2 .
navigate to the second floor before going to the purple room .
go to the red room through the orange room .
avoid the purple room until you go through the green room .
go to the blue room , then go to the third floor .
go to the 1st floor through landmark 3
remain on the second floor while going to the orange room .
go to the third floor , then go to the purple room .
go to the yellow room only through the 1st floor
go to the purple room via landmark 2 .
go to landmark 3 through the green room
while remaining within the orange room , go to landmark 3 .
go through the red room before going to the green room .
go to the orange room and then go to the yellow room .
go to the second floor via the red room .
head to landmark 1 after going to the purple room .
always avoid landmark 3 and navigate to the red room .
go to the green room before going to the red room .
go to the green room through landmark 3
head to the purple room , but make sure to go through the green room first .
go to landmark 3 while always avoiding the green room .
avoid the blue room on your way to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 through the third floor .
go from the third floor to the blue room .
navigate to the third floor via the purple room .
always avoid going to landmark 1 through the blue room
go to third floor without going into the blue room
avoid the orange room and navigate to the purple room .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark 2 and then stay in the red room or continue to landmark 2
stay on the second floor while navigating to landmark 3 .
navigate to landmark 3 , always avoiding landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 3 and move into the green room .
go to the blue room without going through the green room .
go to landmark 1 without leaving the yellow room .
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the red room
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the blue room .
move to the second floor but go through landmark 3 first .
always navigate to red room and then proceed to third floor .
go to the green room and go down to the 1st floor .
go to the red room through landmark 1 .
navigate to the second floor via the blue room .
go to the third floor , then navigate to the orange room .
go to the first floor via the green room .
navigate to the second floor then continue to landmark 1 .
while remaining within the red room , go to landmark 3 .
go to the purple room and if you have reached the purple room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until going to landmark 3 .
go to the 3rd floor but do not go to landmark 2 .
avoid the orange room until reaching landmark 3 .
avoid the red room
stay in the green room to get to landmark 1 .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark 2. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the yellow room or stay on landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room without going to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 2 through the purple room .
go to the yellow room , avoiding landmark 3 .
go to a spot in the orange room , but do n't touch landmark 2 .
go from 1st floor to landmark 2 .
avoid the red room and navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 through the red room .
go to the red room , then go to the second floor .
go to or through landmark 2 avoiding going through landmark 1
go to the red room by avoiding landmark 3 and then stay in the red room or continue to landmark 3
go to third floor without going into the red room
go to landmark 3 while always avoiding the blue room .
advance to landmark 2 but always avoid the orange room .
avoid the purple room until you go through the yellow room .
navigate to landmark 1 then continue to the red room .
go to the red room without going to the purple room . if you reached the red room , now you can go to the purple room .
avoid the purple room on your way to landmark 1 .
go to the red room by first going through the yellow room .
navigate to the first floor , avoiding landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 but do not enter the red room first .
avoid the orange room before you navigate to the first floor .
avoid the purple room , navigate to the red room .
go to landmark 2 and always avoid the green room
go to or through the orange room . always avoid going to the orange room through landmark 1
stay on the second floor and go to the yellow room .
always go from the second floor to the first floor .
navigate to the yellow room after going to the third floor .
head to the blue room but first go to the first floor .
go to the purple room through the third floor
avoid landmark 2 until navigating to the purple room .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to the second floor .
go to the green room by touching the blue room .
move to landmark 2 after moving to the second floor .
move to the green room and then the orange room .
always avoid the green room , go to the second floor .
go to the purple room through the orange room
go to the purple room but avoid landmark 2. if you reached to the purple room then you can head to landmark 2 or stay put .
navigate to the purple room through the green room .
avoid the blue room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the blue room , or just stay on the first floor .
go to the first floor and then go to the blue room .
go to the blue room and then go to landmark 1 .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the green room .
navigate to the third floor via the blue room .
go to the third floor before you navigate to landmark 2 .
go through the purple room before going to the first floor .
go from the second floor to the blue room .
go through landmark 3 then go to landmark 2 .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark 3 .
avoid the blue room until you go to the third floor .
go through the orange room before navigating to landmark 2 .
without leaving the third floor go to the blue room .
go to purple room and then to orange room
go through landmark 1 to the red room .
go to landmark 1 and then go to the 1st floor .
go through landmark 3 and then to the 1st floor .
go to the orange room only through the 1st floor
first go to to landmark 2 then go to the green room .
remain on the second floor and move to the purple room .
go from the 1st floor to landmark 1
go to the purple room but do not enter the yellow room first .
do n't go into the yellow room until going to landmark 1
go to the 1st floor through the red room
go to the purple room and then navigate to the red room .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the blue room .
always go through the red room and then to landmark 1 .
go to the yellow room and then navigate to the purple room .
avoid the red room and go to the first floor .
go to landmark 2 and always avoid the red room
stay in the orange room and go to landmark 3
go to the green room by first going through landmark 3 .
stay on the first floor to get to landmark 3 .
go through the orange room and navigate to the first floor .
go through the second floor to the blue room
go to landmark 3 and always avoid the red room
go to the green room while staying on the first floor .
go to landmark 1 before navigating to the third floor .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the green room .
go to landmark 1 before going to landmark 2 .
go to purple room and then to yellow room
navigate to the red room , always avoiding the yellow room .
avoid landmark 3 and go to the red room .
go to landmark 3 and remain within the purple room .
avoid the blue room and go to the yellow room .
navigate to the yellow room , always avoiding the red room .
go to the orange room without going to another floor .
go to the green room without going to another floor .
go to the orange room by first going through landmark 3 .
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the orange room
avoid the yellow room before you navigate to the second floor .
avoid the yellow room and travel to the purple room .
go to landmark 3 and then to landmark 2 .
go through the third floor to the blue room .
go to landmark 1 after going to landmark 3 .
always avoid landmark 3 and navigate to the first floor .
avoid the green room until reaching landmark 1 .
pass through landmark 1 on your way to the second floor .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the yellow room
navigate to the third floor and avoid landmark 1 .
while always avoiding the red room , go to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 3 avoiding the red room . then go to the red room or stay on landmark 3 .
always avoid the blue room to navigate to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 avoiding the red room . then go to the red room or stay on landmark 2 .
avoid landmark 1 , and go to landmark 3 .
avoid the orange room until going to landmark 1 .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark 2. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the orange room or stay on landmark 2 .
move to the orange room and then the red room .
go to the orange room while always avoiding the green room
go to landmark 1 while avoiding the first and third floor .
go to the red room through the yellow room .
go to the first floor by first going through the yellow room .
head to the red room but first go to the first floor .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the orange room
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the orange room .
go to landmark 3 and remain within the green room .
pass through the blue room on your way to the third floor .
avoid going through landmark 3 until you go through the red room .
avoid the red room and go to landmark 3. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the red room or stay on landmark 3 .
head to the yellow room and then head to the third floor .
avoid the yellow room until after going to the third floor .
go through landmark 3 then go to landmark 1 .
go through the second floor to the orange room
stay away from the blue room and go to landmark 3 .
go to second floor and then to landmark 1
go from 2nd floor to blue room .
avoid the red room and go to the third floor .
go to the second floor , then go to the first floor .
avoid landmark 1 until you navigate to landmark 3 .
move to the second floor without entering the red room .
pass through the yellow room before going to the third floor .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the yellow room .
navigate to the third floor before going to the blue room .
always avoid the blue room and go to landmark 1 .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the blue room .
without leaving the purple room go to landmark 3 .
move to the first floor by going through the green room
go to the third floor , then go to the second floor .
pass through the blue room before going to the third floor .
go to the third floor , then head to the second floor .
navigate to the third floor before going to the orange room .
go to the yellow room , then go to the first floor .
go to landmark 2 but remain on the first floor .
avoid the blue room
go to a spot in the blue room , but do n't touch landmark 2 .
go to landmark 1 and then go to the 1st floor .
avoid the purple room until going to the green room .
go through the green room before going to the orange room .
go through the purple room and navigate to the second floor .
move to the green room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
go to landmark 1 avoiding the green room . then go to the green room or stay on landmark 1 .
go to the blue room without touching landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark 3. if you reached the yellow room , then you can proceed to landmark 3 .
visit the orange room and then move to the second floor .
always avoid landmark 3 and navigate to landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 2 and go to the green room .
always go through the red room to get to the green room .
avoid landmark 1 until reaching the green room .
go to landmark 2 without changing floors
go to the purple room only through the 1st floor
head to landmark 3 after going to the orange room .
do directly to landmark 1 without leaving the orange room .
go to landmark 2 before going to the green room
pass through landmark 3 before going to the second floor .
move to the red room then continue to the orange room .
avoid the orange room until after going to the second floor .
go to landmark 2 but do not enter the blue room first .
move to the orange room without leaving the first floor .
go from the 1st floor to landmark 2
move to landmark 1 without leaving the third floor .
go to landmark 3 by going through landmark 1
avoid landmark 2 and move into the orange room .
navigate to the second floor but do n't ever go to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 by only stepping in the purple room .
avoid landmark 3 until after the purple room
always avoid the blue room , go to the second floor .
avoid the red room until you enter the orange room .
go to the purple room , then go to landmark 1 .
got to landmark 3 through the green room .
go to the first floor via the blue room .
without leaving the second floor go to the green room .
move to landmark 1 and then proceed to the green room .
navigate to the first floor before going to the second floor .
navigate to the third floor then continue to landmark 2 .
avoid the green room before you navigate to the second floor .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the blue room .
always go through the yellow room before going to landmark 3 .
avoid the yellow room until after you 've gone to the red room .
avoid the green room , navigate to the yellow room .
stay in the red room to navigate to landmark 3 .
always go through the orange room to get to the green room .
go to the red room while staying on the third floor .
go through the second floor to the green room
go to the purple room via landmark 1 .
go to the second floor by going through landmark 3 .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the yellow room .
first go to the blue room and then go to landmark 3 .
go to the second floor without going through the orange room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the orange room , or be done .
go to the third floor and avoid landmark 3 .
proceed to the green room but do n't leave the third floor .
go through the first floor and navigate to the green room .
navigate to the purple room before you go to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 3 without leaving the green room .
navigate to the first floor via the red room .
navigate to the blue room by passing through the third floor .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark 1
go to the blue room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the purple room .
go to the second floor and then go to the green room .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark 2
go through landmark 2 and navigate to the red room .
travel through the purple room then go to the green room .
go to the purple room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the purple room then you may proceed to the green room .
go through landmark 3 before going to the orange room .
go through the orange room to the third floor .
navigate to landmark 2 through the red room .
go to the orange room before going to the yellow room .
do n't leave the green room and go to landmark 2 .
go to the third floor always avoiding the purple room .
go to landmark 2 always avoiding the blue room .
avoid the blue room and travel to the orange room .
navigate to landmark 2 then continue to the red room .
go through landmark 1 to the third floor .
move to landmark 3 , but travel to the 1st floor first .
navigate to the third floor before going to the green room .
head to the yellow room but first go to the third floor .
always avoid the orange room and go to landmark 1 .
without leaving the orange room go to landmark 2 .
proceed to the blue room without going to any other floors .
go to the third floor but avoid landmark 2 .
go to the first floor then go to the green room
always navigate to yellow room and then proceed to third floor .
move to the red room and then the purple room .
go to the yellow room and then go to landmark 2 .
navigate to the orange room but never go to the blue room .
move to the red room without changing floors .
go to the red room by first visiting landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 .
go through landmark 1 and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the green room through the orange room .
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the red room
go through the second floor to the purple room
move to the red room without changing floors .
pass through the green room before going to the third floor .
advance to landmark 3 but always avoid the orange room .
go to landmark 1 then go to the third floor .
move to the green room then continue to the red room .
go to the purple room without going to the green room
avoid the orange room and go to landmark 3. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the orange room or stay on landmark 3 .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the green room .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark 1 and then stay in the blue room or continue to landmark 1
always avoid going to landmark 1 through the red room
move to the third floor , travelling through landmark 2 .
go to the blue room before going to the orange room .
go through the purple room first , then go to the green room .
always go through the green room before going to landmark 2 .
move to the red room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
go through the orange room before going to the green room .
avoid landmark 3 and go to the second floor .
avoid the orange room until going to landmark 3 .
go to the yellow room , then proceed to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 1 and always avoid the green room
go to the first floor but do not go through the green room first .
go up to the second floor without going to landmark 1 .
stay in the green room and go to landmark 2
go through the orange room to the green room .
avoid the green room and navigate to the red room .
avoid the green room until you navigate to landmark 2 .
go from the third floor to the green room
navigate through landmark 2 and go to the yellow room .
go to the first floor and then head to landmark 2 .
stay on the third floor and move to landmark 2 .
move to the yellow room first then travel to landmark 1 .
navigate to the second floor via the purple room .
go to red room , but do not go to orange room .
avoid the yellow room until you enter the red room .
without stepping outside of the yellow room , go to landmark 3 .
go to the second floor then go to the first floor .
go to the orange room without going through the red room .
go to the yellow room without going to the purple room
avoid landmark 2 and go to the blue room .
go through the orange room first , then go to the red room .
go to the red room via landmark 2 .
go to the purple room by first visiting landmark 2 .
proceed to landmark 2 , but never move outside of the blue room .
go from the third floor to the purple room
navigate to the first floor and avoid landmark 1 .
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the purple room .
stay in the yellow room to navigate to landmark 3 .
head to the purple room , but make sure to go through the red room first .
stay in the orange room to get to landmark 1 .
go to the blue room through the 2nd floor
go to landmark 3 avoiding the first and third floors .
move to the red room avoiding landmark 2. if you got to the red room then you can continue to landmark 2 .
go through the green room before going to landmark 1
navigate to the red room staying on the third floor .
advance to landmark 3 but always avoid the green room .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the blue room .
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the green room .
go to landmark 3 through the orange room
go directly to the blue room without changing floors .
go through the blue room first , then go to the orange room .
go to the blue room , then go to landmark 1 .
avoid the yellow room until going through landmark 3 .
go through the orange room to the second floor .
go to the green room by touching the purple room .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark 2 and stop
go through the third floor to the red room .
go to the yellow room without touching landmark 1 .
go through the third floor to the green room
go to the purple room , then proceed to landmark 2 .
pass through the red room on your way to the third floor .
proceed to landmark 1 , but never move outside of the red room .
go to the red room while always avoiding landmark 1
proceed to the blue room but do n't leave the second floor .
go to the blue room through the third floor
go to landmark 1 without going to landmark 3
go to landmark 2 and then go to the second floor .
proceed to the yellow room without going to any other floors .
do n't leave the orange room and go to landmark 3 .
travel through the red room then go to the green room .
move towards purple room and then to first floor .
go to the green room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the green room then you may proceed to the orange room .
always avoid landmark 3 and go to the yellow room .
go to the second floor and then go to the red room .
avoid the green room until you navigate to landmark 1 .
move to the yellow room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
always go through landmark 2 and then to the green room .
always go to landmark 3 before navigating to the red room .
go through the green room before going to the first floor .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the purple room .
navigate to the second floor then continue to landmark 3 .
move to the green room without leaving the first floor .
go to the blue room before you go to landmark 2 .
go to the red room by touching the green room .
always avoid the purple room , go to landmark 1 .
stay in the green room and go to landmark 1 and stop
go to the purple room without going to another floor .
go to the yellow room via landmark 1 .
first go to to landmark 3 then go to the purple room .
head to the yellow room , but make sure to go through the purple room first .
go to yellow room and then to orange room
go to landmark 3 but avoid landmark 1 .
first go to the red room and then go to landmark 3 .
first go to to landmark 1 then go to the yellow room .
proceed to the purple room by going through the yellow room .
visit landmark 3 but do n't leave the first floor .
go to landmark 3 through the 1st floor
go to landmark 2 without leaving red room .
go through the first floor to the blue room .
move to the second floor but go through landmark 1 first .
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the orange room
go to landmark 1 and then the orange room
visit the green room and then move to the first floor .
move to landmark 2. do n't change floors if already on 2nd floor .
go from the second floor to the yellow room
go to the orange room/landmark 3 through landmark 1/green room
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to landmark 2 .
move to the purple room without leaving the first floor .
avoid the purple room until going to the second floor .
move to landmark 2 , but go through the yellow room first .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the red room
go to landmark one , then down to the purple room .
avoid the blue room until after going to the third floor .
navigate to landmark 3 through the green room .
avoid the blue room and go to the purple room .
avoid the orange room until going through landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 then landmark 2 .
go to the 3rd floor but avoid landmark 3 .
go to a spot in the green room , but do n't touch landmark 3 .
move towards purple room and then to second floor .
go through the yellow room to the orange room .
pass through the green room on your way to the third floor .
avoid landmark 2 until after the orange room
go to the orange room/landmark 2 through landmark 3/green room
always pass landmark 1 before landmark 3 .
head to the red room , but make sure to go through the orange room first .
visit the third floor and then proceed to the second floor .
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the red room .
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the yellow room .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the orange room .
go to the purple room by avoiding landmark 3. if you reached the purple room , then you can proceed to landmark 3 .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through the red room
always go to landmark 1 before navigating to the red room .
go to landmark 2 without leaving the purple room .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the purple room .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark 2 .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the red room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the red room .
move to landmark 1 after moving to the third floor .
go through the first floor to the blue room
move to landmark 3 , but go through the red room first .
navigate to the second floor via the red room .
navigate to the second floor through the third floor .
avoid the blue room until you go to landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the yellow room then you may proceed to the red room .
go to the yellow room and avoid landmark 2 .
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the blue room .
go to landmark one , then down to the red room .
go from the blue room to the orange room
go to purple room , but do not go to red room .
navigate to the yellow room but never go to the orange room .
go through the yellow room before going to the first floor .
go to the green room and avoid the blue room .
avoid the orange room until you go to the third floor .
move to landmark 3. do n't change floors if already on 2nd floor .
go to the green room without going to landmark 3 .
always avoid landmark 3 and go to the red room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark 1. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the yellow room or stay on landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 and then the red room
go to the blue room , then go to the red room .
first navigate to the purple room , then make your way to the green room .
navigate to the red room after going to the third floor .
navigate to the red room through the green room .
go from 2nd floor to orange room .
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the red room .
go to the first floor avoiding the yellow room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the yellow room
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the green room
avoid landmark 3 until going to the purple room .
go to the second floor without going through the green room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the green room , or be done .
go to the blue room without touching landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 through landmark 1 .
go to the first floor via the orange room .
go to landmark 3 before going to the red room .
remain on the third floor and move to the yellow room .
first navigate to the purple room , then make your way to the red room .
go to the red room without ever leaving the second floor .
always go through the red room before going to landmark 2 .
go to the first floor without going through the purple room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the purple room , or be done .
go to the third floor but avoid landmark 1 .
go to the green room , then go to the yellow room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark 2 .
avoid the green room and go to the first floor .
go to or through the orange room . always avoid going to the orange room through landmark 3
do n't go into the orange room until going to landmark 3
pass through the red room before going to the second floor .
avoid landmark 1 until you have passed through landmark 3
go through landmark 1 to the green room .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through landmark 3
go to the green room without ever leaving the third floor .
go to the purple room by touching the yellow room .
proceed to the green room by going through the blue room .
go through landmark 1 to the orange room .
navigate to the green room but never go to the purple room .
go through the blue room before going to the first floor .
go to landmark 3 from the first floor only .
go to landmark one , then down to the green room .
pass through the red room on your way to the second floor .
always go through the yellow room to get to the orange room .
move to the purple room and then move to landmark 3 .
go through the green room to the yellow room .
navigate from the first floor to the red room .
go to the yellow room by first going through the purple room .
go to landmark 2 through the second floor .
go to the second floor , then go to the orange room .
go to the third floor through landmark 3 .
first go to landmark 3 , then go to the red room .
avoid landmark 2 until navigating to the orange room .
go to the third floor and then to landmark 3 .
head to the red room but first go to the third floor .
move to landmark 2 without entering the orange room . then you may stay at landmark 2 or go to the orange room .
go to the third floor , then navigate to the green room .
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the red room .
avoid the green room until you navigate to the third floor .
go to the yellow room without going to the green room . if you reached the yellow room , now you can go to the green room .
go to the yellow room , then go to the purple room .
go to landmark 1 and then go to the 1st floor .
go through landmark 3 to landmark 2 .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark 1 and stop
go to landmark 2 through the blue room
avoid the red room until going to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 1 through the yellow room
move to the green room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
go through the yellow room to the third floor .
always go through the red room before going to landmark 3 .
avoid the red room until reaching landmark 3 .
go to the purple room without touching landmark 2 .
go directly to landmark 2 by only moving in the orange room .
go to landmark 1 avoiding the red room . then go to the red room or stay on landmark 1 .
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the red room .
avoid landmark 1 until reaching the blue room .
avoid the red room on your way to the green room . once you get to the green room you can to the red room .
go to landmark 2 avoiding the first and third floors .
go to the first floor without going through the blue room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the blue room , or be done .
go to the yellow room through landmark 2
navigate to the orange room , always avoiding the purple room .
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the blue room .
go to the 3rd floor but avoid landmark 2 .
avoid landmark 2 until navigating to the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 and then the yellow room
go through the blue room then to the third floor .
navigate to the first floor before going to the blue room .
go through the green room before going to the third floor .
travel through the blue room then go to the yellow room .
go to the green room but do not enter the orange room first .
avoid landmark 3 and proceed to landmark 2
always avoid the purple room and navigate to the third floor .
go to the blue room while staying on the second floor .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to the second floor .
move to landmark 1 and then proceed to the red room .
go to the second floor but do not go through the yellow room first .
stay in the green room to navigate to landmark 1 .
go to the second floor and then head to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 through the green room
go to the yellow room and go down to the 1st floor .
navigate to the yellow room before you go to landmark 1 .
first go to the purple room and then go to landmark 1 .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark 1 .
go to the purple room through landmark 1
go to landmark 2 .
without leaving the orange room go to landmark 1 .
pass through landmark 2 before going to the second floor .
pass through the blue room before going to the first floor .
go to the red room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the red room then you may proceed to the green room .
go to the orange room via landmark 2 .
avoid the red room until you go through the orange room .
move to the purple room and then the orange room .
remain on the first floor while going to the red room .
move to the orange room first then travel to landmark 3 .
stay on the second floor to get to landmark 3 .
avoid the blue room until going to the second floor .
always avoid the blue room and navigate to the first floor .
go through landmark 2 and navigate to the purple room .
go to the orange room but avoid landmark 1. if you reached to the orange room then you can head to landmark 1 or stay put .
go through the blue room before going to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room , navigate to the red room .
remain on the second floor and move to the yellow room .
go to the third floor then move to the blue room .
move to the orange room then continue to the yellow room .
go directly to landmark 3 by only moving in the red room .
go to the first floor by first going through the blue room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark 3 .
avoid the purple room until you go to the orange room .
go to the third floor and then go to the orange room .
go to the blue room , then proceed to landmark 3 .
go to the purple room without going to the red room . if you reached the purple room , now you can go to the red room .
avoid the purple room until passing landmark 2 .
avoid the green room until after going to the third floor .
go to the red room and if you have reached the red room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the red room .
first go to to landmark 2 then go to the red room .
navigate to the third floor then continue to landmark 1 .
go to or through the purple room . always avoid going to the purple room through landmark 2
go to landmark 1 by only stepping in the blue room .
avoid the orange room and travel to the purple room .
go to landmark 3 , then head to the third floor .
go to the 1st floor through the green room
go to the first floor then go landmark 2 .
first navigate to the orange room , then make your way to the green room .
avoid the orange room until passing landmark 2 .
avoid landmark 1 until you go to the orange room .
stay on the second floor and move to landmark 3 .
do not go into the green room until going to landmark 1
without leaving the yellow room go to landmark 1 .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the purple room .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark 3. if you reached the yellow room then you may go to landmark 3 .
avoid landmark 1 and go to landmark 2. if you reached landmark 2 then you can go to landmark 1 .
go to the yellow room and if you have reached the yellow room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the yellow room .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through the yellow room
move to the red room and then move to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 2 avoiding the yellow room . then go to the yellow room or stay on landmark 2 .
always avoid the green room and navigate to the third floor .
go to the first floor , then go to the green room .
go to landmark 3 before going to landmark 1 .
proceed to the orange room without going to any other floors .
proceed to landmark 3 , but never move outside of the green room .
go to landmark 1 before going to landmark 3 .
proceed to the yellow room by going through the purple room .
go to the third floor but avoid the orange room .
go to landmark 2 while avoiding the first and third floor .
navigate through landmark 2 to the third floor .
avoid the green room and go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 from the third floor only .
avoid the red room until after you 've gone to the purple room .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the blue room .
avoid going through landmark 2 until you go through the green room .
go to the red room through the second floor
pass through landmark 3 before going to the third floor .
go to landmark 3 then go to the second floor .
stay on the third floor while navigating to landmark 1 .
navigate to the green room before you go to landmark 2 .
go to the red room only through the 1st floor
proceed to the yellow room without going to any other floors .
navigate to the red room after going to the second floor .
go to red room , but do not go to yellow room .
go to landmark 3 before going to the blue room .
move to the blue room and then move to landmark 2 .
go through the yellow room then to the second floor .
always go through the orange room and then to landmark 1 .
go through the yellow room before going to the purple room .
go to the third floor but never go to the green room .
stay in the yellow room to navigate to landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 3 until going to the green room .
head to the red room , but make sure to go through the blue room first .
go through landmark 3 on your way to the third floor .
go to landmark 2 and remain within the green room .
go through the purple room to landmark 1 .
always avoid landmark 1 and go to the red room .
go to the first floor without going to the orange room .
go to the 3rd floor but avoid landmark 3 .
go to the purple room without going to the red room .
avoid the yellow room until going to the second floor .
go from the 2nd floor to the green room
go to landmark 3 then go to the orange room .
go to the red room and avoid the blue room .
always avoid the blue room , go to landmark 3 .
avoid the purple room and go to the first floor .
go to the second floor avoiding the blue room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the blue room
first move to landmark 2 then navigate to the blue room .
go to landmark 1 by only stepping in the yellow room .
avoid landmark 2 until after the blue room
head to the blue room but first go to the third floor .
go to the orange room through the 2nd floor
always avoid the yellow room and navigate to the first floor .
go to the orange room , then go to the third floor .
go to landmark 3 , then go to landmark 2
do directly to landmark 2 without leaving the yellow room .
go to the first floor and then go to the yellow room .
go through landmark 1 to the blue room .
always avoid the yellow room and go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 and remain within the red room .
go to landmark 1 by only navigating within the yellow room .
go to the second floor and then go directly to the first floor .
go through the blue room and navigate to the second floor .
go through the blue room to landmark 3 .
go through the first floor to the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 by avoiding the blue room and then stay there or continue to the blue room .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the yellow room .
proceed to the orange room by going through the blue room .
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the orange room .
avoid landmark 3 and go to the blue room .
go to the third floor but never go to the orange room .
move to landmark 2 , but go through the green room first .
go from the 2nd floor to the yellow room
go to the 3rd floor but avoid landmark 1 .
go to or through the yellow room always avoid going to the yellow room through the purple room
go to landmark 2 without leaving the red room .
go to the red room avoiding landmark 1. if you reached the red room then you may go to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 via the second floor .
go to the purple room through the 2nd floor
navigate through landmark 1 to the third floor .
go to the second floor through the first floor .
stay on the third floor while going to the blue room .
go through the purple room before navigating to landmark 3 .
navigate to the third floor through the yellow room .
go to the orange room without going to the red room .
go to red room and then to yellow room
go to the first floor then go landmark 1 .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through landmark 2
go to the red room and if you have reached the red room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the red room .
go to landmark 2 avoiding the first and third floors .
avoid landmark 1 while traveling to landmark 3. once there , you may travel to landmark 1 .
avoid the purple room until you go to the red room .
go to green room , but do not go to yellow room .
move towards red room and then to first floor .
go to landmark 3 always avoiding the green room .
go through the orange room before going to landmark 2
always go through landmark 1 and then to the yellow room .
navigate to the second floor before going to landmark 1 .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the blue room .
do directly to landmark 1 without leaving the green room .
go through the blue room to landmark 1 .
always avoid the green room , go to the third floor .
go through landmark 3 to the purple room .
go to the second floor through the yellow room .
go to 1st floor . then go directly to landmark 3
visit the second floor then go to the first floor .
always navigate to purple room and then proceed to first floor .
go to the 1st floor through the orange room
stay on the first floor and move to landmark 2 .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the purple room .
avoid the purple room until you go to the green room .
always go through the yellow room before going to landmark 2 .
avoid the purple room , navigate to the orange room .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through landmark 2
go to the green room through the first floor
go through the first floor to the orange room .
avoid the green room until you go through the red room .
move to the first floor but go through landmark 3 first .
go to landmark 3 but remain on the second floor .
go to the yellow room through the green room .
go to the yellow room but avoid landmark 3. if you reached to the yellow room then you can head to landmark 3 or stay put .
go through the orange room to the first floor .
go to landmark 3 without leaving the purple room .
go to landmark 3 without going to landmark 1
from the first floor , navigate to the green room .
go to the first floor and then go to the purple room .
go to landmark 1 .
pass through the red room before going to the first floor .
move to the orange room and then the green room .
go through the blue room before going to landmark 2
proceed to landmark 1 , but never move outside of the blue room .
navigate to the green room before you go to landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 1 and go to landmark 3. if you 've reached landmark 3 then you can go to landmark 1 .
go through the red room to the purple room .
go to the orange room before you go to landmark 2 .
go to a spot in the purple room , but do n't touch landmark 1 .
move to the orange room first then travel to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 1 while avoiding going through any other objects
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the green room
move to the green room and then move to landmark 2 .
avoid landmark 3 until you go to the green room .
go to the second floor without going to the yellow room .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the yellow room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the yellow room .
move to the third floor , travelling through landmark 1 .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through the red room
go to the yellow room before going to the red room .
go to the green room without going to landmark 1 .
navigate to the purple room , always avoiding the blue room .
go to landmark 3 but do not enter the blue room first .
go to landmark 3 without first passing through landmark 1 .
go to the red room without going through the purple room .
avoid the green room and go to landmark 1 .
proceed to the orange room but do n't leave the second floor .
go to the yellow room through the purple room .
avoid the red room and navigate to the orange room .
go to landmark 2 while always avoiding the blue room .
go to the red room without going to landmark 2 .
always pass landmark 2 to get to level 1 .
avoid going through landmark 1 until you go through the red room .
go to the orange room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the orange room then you can go to the purple room .
go to landmark 2 before going to the first floor .
go to landmark 1 and always avoid the orange room
go to the orange room , then go to the purple room .
proceed to the purple room without going to any other floors .
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the yellow room
go to the 1st floor through landmark 2
go to the blue room and then go to the purple room .
go to the orange room while avoiding landmark 1
go to landmark 1 and then the red room
go through the purple room before going to landmark 1
avoid landmark 2 and move into the blue room .
avoid landmark 1 and go to landmark 2. if you have reached landmark 2 then you can go to landmark 1 .
always go through the blue room to get to the yellow room .
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the blue room
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the yellow room .
avoid going through landmark 3 until you go through the green room .
go to the third floor by going through landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room before going to the green room .
go to the red room but avoid landmark 3. if you reached to the red room then you can head to landmark 3 or stay put .
go to the orange room through the yellow room
always avoid the green room while navigating to landmark 3 .
go to the purple room through the green room .
do n't go into the orange room until going to landmark 1
go to the green room without going through the orange room .
go to the blue room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the yellow room .
go through the yellow room first , then go to the purple room .
avoid the purple room
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the yellow room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the yellow room .
go to the green room via landmark 1 .
do n't leave the red room and go to landmark 1 .
navigate to the yellow room through the purple room .
without leaving the second floor go to the purple room .
stay in the red room and go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark one , then down to the purple room .
go through the red room before navigating to landmark 1 .
go to the first floor without going through the green room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the green room , or be done .
go to the orange room without going to the blue room .
navigate to landmark 2 through the green room .
avoid landmark 3 until going to landmark 2 .
remain on the first floor while going to the purple room .
go to the first floor without going to the green room .
go to the red room and then navigate to the green room .
go to landmark 2 , then head to the second floor .
stay on the third floor and go to the green room .
avoid going through landmark 2 until you go through the yellow room .
avoid the green room until navigating to the purple room .
avoid the green room until you enter the orange room .
avoid landmark 1 until going to the orange room .
navigate to the yellow room through the blue room .
go to the third floor then go to the orange room
go to the third floor via landmark 1 .
head to landmark 2 after going to the blue room .
proceed to the orange room without going to any other floors .
go through the purple room , then make your way to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 2 without leaving yellow room .
go to landmark 3 but always avoid landmark 1 .
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the yellow room .
move to the first floor , travelling through landmark 2 .
go to the first floor but avoid the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 but remain on the first floor .
avoid the green room and navigate to the purple room .
go to the first floor then go to the blue room
go to landmark 2 and then go to the third floor .
go to landmark one , then down to the red room .
go to the second floor through landmark 2 .
proceed to the green room but do n't leave the second floor .
go to the purple room through the blue room
avoid the red room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the red room , or just stay on the third floor .
move to landmark 1 , but travel to the 1st floor first .
navigate to landmark 2 through the blue room .
got to landmark 2 through the green room .
proceed to the yellow room without going to any other floors .
go through the blue room before going to the orange room .
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the yellow room .
go to the first floor but never go to the green room .
avoid the green room on your way to landmark 2 .
navigate to the third floor but do n't ever go to landmark 2 .
go to second floor without going into the orange room
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the yellow room
go to the second floor through the orange room .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the blue room
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through landmark 3
stay in the red room and go to landmark 2 and stop
head to landmark 1 without changing floors .
go to the first floor before you go to the second floor .
first move to landmark 3 then navigate to the red room .
move to the first floor by going through the blue room
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark 2 .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the blue room
always avoid the green room and navigate to the first floor .
go to the orange room through landmark 3 .
go to the yellow room by touching the green room .
avoid the green room until after you 've gone to the blue room .
do directly to landmark 1 without leaving the red room .
go to the 1st floor through the 3rd floor
always avoid the purple room while navigating to landmark 3 .
avoid the green room and go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the green room , or just stay on the first floor .
go to the yellow room and then go to landmark 3 .
move to the first floor , travelling through landmark 3 .
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the yellow room .
go to the orange room and then go to landmark 3 .
go to the third floor without going to the red room .
avoid landmark 2 and move into the red room .
go to the red room and go down to the 1st floor .
go to the third floor , then navigate to the purple room .
go to the 1st floor through the red room
go to the purple room via landmark 3 .
go to the first floor but avoid the purple room .
move to the first floor by going through the orange room
always go to landmark 3 before navigating to the orange room .
go to the orange room and then go to the green room .
go to the second floor without going through the yellow room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the yellow room , or be done .
move to the blue room without changing floors .
go through the green room then to the third floor .
go to landmark 2 without changing floors
move to the purple room without changing floors .
avoid the orange room , navigate to the yellow room .
go directly to landmark 2 and do not leave the yellow room .
navigate to the blue room after going to the first floor .
go to the second floor without going to the green room .
navigate to the orange room after going to the second floor .
move to the yellow room without changing floors .
always navigate to purple room and then proceed to second floor .
go to the green room before going to the orange room .
go to the first floor and avoid landmark 2 .
go to the green room without ever leaving the second floor .
always avoid landmark 2 and go to the orange room .
go to the second floor then go to the orange room
move to the green room without changing floors .
avoid landmark 1 until you go to the green room .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the purple room .
avoid the orange room until passing landmark 1 .
avoid the green room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the green room , or just stay on the third floor .
navigate to the blue room staying on the second floor .
avoid landmark 3 until going to the yellow room .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark 3 .
move to the blue room and then the red room .
go to the red room and then go to the orange room .
go to the third floor by going through landmark 1 .
go to third floor without going into the green room
go to the red room through the first floor .
go to the second floor but do not go through the orange room first .
go to first floor and then to landmark 2
move to the second floor without entering the yellow room .
always avoid the red room and navigate to the first floor .
go to the orange room by touching the red room .
go through the third floor to the orange room .
always avoid the yellow room , go to landmark 1 .
avoid the green room until navigating to the blue room .
go to the second floor and then to landmark 2 .
go to green room , but do not go to orange room .
go to the third floor without going through the yellow room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the yellow room , or be done .
always go to landmark 2 before navigating to the purple room .
go to the blue room and then go to the red room .
avoid the green room before you navigate to the third floor .
travel through the blue room then go to the green room .
always go through the blue room and then to landmark 1 .
stay on the third floor and navigate to landmark 1 .
go to red room and then to green room
go from the first floor to the blue room .
avoid the blue room and travel to the green room .
go to the first floor then go to landmark 2 .
first go to to landmark 2 then go to the purple room .
go to the third floor without going through the blue room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the blue room , or be done .
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the blue room
go to landmark 3 without leaving yellow room .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the red room .
navigate through landmark 1 and go to the orange room .
avoid the red room until reaching the second floor .
navigate to the green room after going to the third floor .
go to or through landmark 3 avoiding going through landmark 1
go to landmark 3 while staying on the first floor .
avoid landmark 2 until reaching the blue room .
navigate to landmark 1 through the third floor .
move to landmark 2 and then proceed to the yellow room .
go to the purple room without going through the red room .
always avoid going to landmark 1 through the purple room
go to the second floor through landmark 3 .
go to the red room and avoid landmark 2 .
navigate to the first floor before going to the green room .
navigate to the first floor , avoiding landmark 2 .
go to the first floor but avoid the green room .
go to the third floor but never go to the red room .
go to landmark 1 from the first floor only .
move towards yellow room and then to first floor .
proceed to the green room without going to any other floors .
go to landmark 1 via the second floor .
go through the first floor to the second floor .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the purple room .
avoid landmark 2 until after the green room
do n't leave the green room and go to landmark 3 .
go through the blue room and navigate to the third floor .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until going to the purple room .
go to the orange room , avoiding landmark 3 .
avoid the red room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the red room .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through landmark 3
move to the orange room without changing floors .
go to the blue room but do not enter the green room first .
avoid the blue room until passing landmark 1 .
go to the red room while staying on the second floor .
go to the blue room , then proceed to landmark 1 .
without leaving the first floor go to the green room .
go to landmark 2 without leaving blue room .
avoid the red room until reaching the third floor .
avoid the red room and go to landmark 1 .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark 1. if you reached the orange room , then you can proceed to landmark 1 .
go through the purple room before going to landmark 3
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the yellow room
go to landmark 2 before going to the third floor .
stay on the third floor and go to the blue room .
from the third floor , navigate to the orange room .
always avoid the red room , go to landmark 2 .
avoid the orange room and travel to the red room .
proceed to the yellow room but do n't leave the second floor .
go to the third floor , then navigate to the yellow room .
move to anywhere on the first floor , then move to anywhere on the second floor .
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the yellow room .
while remaining within the orange room , go to landmark 1 .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the blue room .
go from the first floor to landmark 1 .
avoid the orange room until you go through the red room .
go to the third floor avoiding the yellow room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the yellow room
go to the orange room , avoiding landmark 1 .
go to landmark 1 and always avoid the blue room
go to the yellow room without touching landmark one .
go to the orange room and then navigate to the purple room .
go through the red room then to the second floor .
go to the red room through the purple room .
go to the orange room through landmark 3
move to the blue room avoiding landmark 3. if you got to the blue room then you can continue to landmark 3 .
avoid the green room until you go through the yellow room .
go to the yellow room via landmark 3 .
go through the second floor and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the red room by first going through landmark 3 .
go through the purple room before going to landmark 1
do not go into the orange room until going to landmark 3
stay on the first floor while going to the blue room .
go to landmark 1 , avoid the purple room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the red room without touching landmark one .
go to the orange room and then go to landmark 1 .
go to the yellow room but do not enter the red room first .
avoid the green room and go to the red room .
go to the purple room without ever leaving the first floor .
go to the orange room before you go to landmark 3 .
avoid the orange room on your way to the purple room . once you get to the purple room you can to the orange room .
avoid the orange room on your way to landmark 1 .
go through the green room before going to landmark 1
go to landmark 3 and then go to the 1st floor .
avoid landmark 1 until reaching the purple room .
always avoid the red room , go to the third floor .
go to the first floor and avoid landmark 3 .
move to the red room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
first move to landmark 3 then navigate to the purple room .
go to the first floor avoiding landmark 2 .
go from 2nd floor to orange room .
go to landmark 2 before going to the purple room
go to landmark 3 by avoiding the orange room and then stay there or continue to the orange room .
go to landmark 1 without changing floors
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the red room
avoid the yellow room until you go to the first floor .
go from the first floor to the purple room .
avoid the green room until you go to the purple room .
navigate to landmark 2 then continue to the yellow room .
avoid landmark 3 until you go to landmark 2 .
go to the red room , then go to the first floor .
go to the blue room and then navigate to the green room .
go to the blue room through the first floor .
go from the second floor to the yellow room .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the blue room .
avoid the red room and go to landmark 2. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the red room or stay on landmark 2 .
go to 1 st floor after 3rd floor
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the purple room .
avoid the green room until you navigate to the first floor .
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the green room
avoid the green room until after you 've gone to the orange room .
first navigate to the yellow room , then make your way to the red room .
proceed to the yellow room by going through the blue room .
go to the first floor then move to the purple room .
go to landmark 2 and then go to the orange room .
move towards blue room and then to second floor .
stay in the green room to get to landmark 3 .
go to the yellow room through the 2nd floor
avoid landmark 1 until you pass through green room .
go to the red room while always avoiding the green room
go to the second floor and then to landmark 1 .
navigate to landmark 3 through the red room .
go to the blue room without going to another floor .
move to landmark 3 , but go through the orange room first .
go to the red room without going to the green room .
go to the second floor but avoid the green room .
go to the red room without ever leaving the third floor .
go to the purple room but avoid landmark 1. if you reached to the purple room then you can head to landmark 1 or stay put .
avoid the green room until navigating to the orange room .
go to landmark 2 without first passing through landmark 3 .
go to the orange room by first visiting landmark 2 .
first move to landmark 3 then navigate to the orange room .
avoid landmark 3 and move into the purple room .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark 2 .
while always avoiding the blue room , go to landmark 2 .
stay in the orange room to navigate to landmark 1 .
go to the red room through landmark 2 .
avoid the orange room until you enter the red room .
head to landmark 1 after going to the orange room .
go to the red room without touching landmark 2 .
go to the first floor but never go to the orange room .
avoid the orange room until you go to the green room .
go through the second floor and navigate to the red room .
go to the landmark 3 before going to landmark 1
navigate to the second floor always passing through the first floor .
go through the orange room before going to the second floor .
always avoid the green room , go to landmark 2 .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to landmark 2 .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark 3 .
go to the third floor but do not go through the blue room first .
go to the third floor through the orange room .
go to landmark 1 before going to the red room
go through the blue room to the yellow room .
pass through landmark 2 on your way to the second floor .
without leaving the purple room go to landmark 1 .
avoid the red room until going through landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room , then proceed to landmark 3 .
navigate from the third floor to the red room .
avoid the yellow room until landmark 2 .
go to the first floor , then go to the blue room .
navigate to the third floor via the yellow room .
go to the orange room via landmark 1 .
head to the orange room but first go to the second floor .
navigate to the red room always avoiding the purple room .
go to the 1st floor through landmark 1
avoid the yellow room and travel to the green room .
go to the red room and if you have reached the red room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the red room .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the red room .
avoid landmark 2 until you pass through purple room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 1 avoiding the first and third floors .
go to the first floor after going to the second floor .
navigate from the second floor to the blue room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark 1 .
avoid the orange room , navigate to the green room .
navigate to the orange room but never go to the red room .
go to the second floor , then go to the purple room .
go to the first floor but never go to the red room .
go to landmark 3 avoiding the first and third floors .
avoid the yellow room and go to the red room .
avoid landmark 1 and move into the green room .
go through the first floor to the green room
go to the third floor , then navigate to the red room .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark 3
go to landmark 3 and then go to the purple room .
go to the purple room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the purple room then you can go to the red room .
go through the yellow room before going to the red room .
navigate to landmark 1 then continue to the green room .
go to landmark 1 through the third floor .
navigate to the red room then continue to landmark 1 .
navigate to the purple room then continue to landmark 1 .
avoid the green room until going through landmark 3 .
go to the blue room through landmark 1 .
go to the blue room by avoiding landmark 2. if you reached the blue room , then you can proceed to landmark 2 .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to the third floor .
avoid landmark 1 until you go to the purple room .
go to the green room before going to the purple room .
go through the orange room before going to landmark 1
go to landmark 2 avoiding the purple room . then go to the purple room or stay on landmark 2 .
go from the 2nd floor to the purple room
avoid the purple room until you go to landmark 2 .
always avoid the green room while navigating to the third floor .
go to the first floor by first going to the third floor .
go through the green room before going to the yellow room .
go to the green room by first going through landmark 2 .
go to the second floor but avoid the red room .
move to landmark 1. do n't change floors if already on 2nd floor .
go to the blue room , then go to landmark 2 .
go to orange room and then to green room
stay away from the purple room and go to landmark 3 .
go through the orange room before navigating to landmark 1 .
go from the first floor to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the blue room .
go to the orange room without going to another floor .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark 1 and stop
go to the purple room and avoid the blue room .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to the third floor .
navigate to the orange room staying on the third floor .
go to landmark 2 without leaving the blue room .
avoid landmark 1 and go to the second floor .
go through the purple room before navigating to landmark 2 .
avoid the red room until you go to the blue room .
avoid the purple room until reaching the first floor .
move to landmark 3 and then proceed to the red room .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
start on the 3rd floor , go directly to the 1st floor .
got to landmark 1 through the green room .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the yellow room
navigate to the third floor before going to the red room .
go to the orange room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the orange room , now you can go to the yellow room .
avoid the red room and go to the second floor .
go to the red room through landmark 1
go to or through landmark 3. always avoid going to landmark 3 through landmark 1
go through the first floor to landmark 1 .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 1 then landmark 2 .
go through the third floor to the red room
navigate to the third floor , avoiding landmark 2 .
without leaving the blue room go to landmark 3 .
head to landmark 1 without changing floors .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through landmark 2
always avoid the green room while navigating to landmark 1 .
navigate to landmark 3 through the yellow room .
head to the purple room , but make sure to go through the yellow room first .
always go through the yellow room to get to the purple room .
go to the first floor avoiding landmark 1 .
stay in the yellow room to get to landmark 1 .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through the purple room
avoid the red room and go to the yellow room .
go to the green room and avoid landmark 2 .
go to the blue room before going to the red room .
go to the purple room and avoid the yellow room .
head to landmark 3 without changing floors .
go to the purple room without ever leaving the second floor .
while always avoiding the orange room , go to landmark 2 .
go through landmark 3 before going to the blue room .
head to the purple room , but make sure to go through the orange room first .
go to landmark 2 but remain on the second floor .
navigate to the first floor through the purple room .
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the red room
stay in the blue room and go to landmark 2 .
avoid the blue room and go to the orange room .
move to the yellow room then continue to the green room .
always avoid the purple room and go to the red room .
go to the green room but avoid landmark 1. if you reached to the green room then you can head to landmark 1 or stay put .
move to landmark 3 , but go through the green room first .
move to landmark 3 without entering the red room . then you may stay at landmark 3 or go to the red room .
go through the purple room then to the second floor .
go to the red room before going to the purple room .
avoid landmark 1 and proceed to landmark 2
go to the green room and then go to the red room .
move to the red room and then move to landmark 3 .
stay in the green room to navigate to landmark 2 .
travel through the yellow room then go to the green room .
go to the red room and then navigate to the purple room .
avoid the green room
go to landmark 3 by only stepping in the orange room .
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the red room .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid landmark 2 and go to the orange room .
go through landmark 2 before going to the second floor .
move to landmark 2 , but go through the orange room first .
avoid the purple room until you go to the yellow room .
without stepping outside of the red room , go to landmark 2 .
go to the red room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the red room then you may proceed to the orange room .
first move to landmark 2 then navigate to the orange room .
go to the blue room and avoid landmark 1 .
go to the orange room and avoid landmark 3 .
avoid the yellow room until going to the first floor .
go to the orange room without going to the blue room
go to landmark 2 and avoid the green room .
go to the red room and go down to the 1st floor .
go through landmark 2 and navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until going to the second floor .
avoid landmark 1 and go to landmark 2. if you 've reached landmark 2 then you can go to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 through the purple room .
go through the yellow room first , then go to the red room .
go to the purple room while staying on the third floor .
avoid landmark 2 and move into the yellow room .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark 3 .
go from the 2nd floor to the red room
go to orange room , but do not go to yellow room .
go to landmark 1 without leaving red room .
pass through the yellow room on your way to the third floor .
go to the yellow room before you go to landmark 2 .
navigate to the first floor through the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until reaching the third floor .
stay on the second floor while going to the orange room .
go to landmark 2 from the first floor only .
go to landmark 1 and avoid the red room .
stay away from the green room and go to landmark 2 .
do n't go into the green room until going to landmark 3
go to the first floor avoiding the green room . if you get to first floor you can then proceed to the green room
go to the second floor without going to the red room .
avoid the orange room on your way to the green room . once you get to the green room you can to the orange room .
go to the yellow room , then go to landmark 3 .
stay away from the green room and go to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 1 , then go to landmark 3 .
do not go into the red room until going to landmark 2
go to the orange room through the red room
go to the red room but avoid landmark 1. if you reached to the red room then you can head to landmark 1 or stay put .
go through landmark 2 to the green room .
navigate to landmark 2 through the first floor .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to landmark 3 .
avoid the yellow room until you go to landmark 3 .
go to the purple room while always avoiding the blue room
always avoid the green room to navigate to landmark 2 .
always avoid the purple room while navigating to the first floor .
avoid the red room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the red room , or just stay on the second floor .
go to landmark 2 and then the purple room
move to the second floor , travelling through the red room .
move towards yellow room and then to third floor .
go to the green room before going to the yellow room .
go to the second floor via landmark 3 .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the red room .
go to green room , but do not go to red room .
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until passing landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 through the orange room
do n't leave the blue room and go to landmark 3 .
always navigate to green room and then proceed to first floor .
go to the first floor but avoid landmark 1 .
move to landmark 2 without entering the purple room . then you may stay at landmark 2 or go to the purple room .
go to the first floor before you navigate to landmark 3 .
go to the purple room , then go to the orange room .
go to landmark 3 while staying on the third floor .
go to the red room through the blue room .
go to the yellow room by first going through the red room .
avoid the yellow room until passing landmark 3 .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the orange room .
avoid the red room until going to the first floor .
go to the yellow room only through the 1st floor
go to landmark 2 and avoid the purple room .
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the yellow room .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark 3 .
navigate to landmark 3 then continue to the yellow room .
pass through the green room on your way to the first floor .
go to the yellow room , then go to the green room .
navigate to the orange room through the purple room .
go through the red room to the yellow room .
go to the orange room by first going through the red room .
avoid landmark 1 and go to the third floor .
go to the yellow room without going to the red room .
go to the first floor without going to the purple room .
go to the purple room while always avoiding landmark 2
go to the 1st floor through the blue room
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the orange room
go to the first floor before you navigate to landmark 1 .
go to the third floor but avoid the purple room .
navigate to the first floor through the third floor .
move to landmark 3 and then proceed to the orange room .
do directly to landmark 1 without leaving the yellow room .
navigate to the third floor before going to landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 1 and move into the red room .
head to landmark 1 after going to the blue room .
avoid landmark 1 and go to the purple room .
avoid landmark 1 and go to the blue room .
go to landmark 2 avoiding the first and third floors .
stay on the second floor and move to landmark 1 .
go through the first floor and navigate to the purple room .
do n't leave the red room and go to landmark 2 .
go to the blue room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
first go to landmark 1 , then go to the orange room .
without leaving the first floor go to the red room .
go from the 1st floor to landmark 2
avoid the orange room until after navigating to the purple room .
go to landmark 1 then go to the green room .
always avoid the purple room to navigate to landmark 2 .
go to the second floor after going to the first floor .
go to landmark 2 but do not first go through the orange room .
navigate through landmark 1 and go to the yellow room .
move to the purple room and then move to landmark 1 .
go to the 1st floor through the orange room
go to the orange room by first going through landmark 1 .
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the green room .
avoid the orange room until you go to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until after you 've gone to the purple room .
avoid the green room until you go through the purple room .
pass through the blue room on your way to the first floor .
visit the green room and then move to the second floor .
go to landmark 3 through the 1st floor
move to the yellow room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
move to landmark 2 without entering the yellow room . then you may stay at landmark 2 or go to the yellow room .
head to the green room but first go to the first floor .
go to landmark 2 without going to landmark 3
go from the 2nd floor to the yellow room
navigate to the yellow room before you go to landmark 2 .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark 3 .
go to the green room through landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 by avoiding the blue room and then stay there or continue to the blue room .
always avoid the blue room and navigate to the third floor .
go to landmark one , then down to the blue room .
go to the yellow room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the yellow room then you can go to the purple room .
go to the green room , then proceed to landmark 1 .
advance to landmark 2 but always avoid the red room .
go to the green room through the yellow room .
move to the purple room and then the yellow room .
got to landmark 1 through the green room .
go to landmark 1 and then go to the green room .
go through the yellow room to landmark 2 .
avoid the purple room until you go to the first floor .
pass through landmark 3 on your way to the third floor .
always avoid landmark 1 , and navigate to landmark 3 .
first navigate to the green room , then make your way to the purple room .
first move to landmark 1 then navigate to the orange room .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the purple room .
always avoid the blue room and go to the orange room .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark 1. if you reached the red room , then you can proceed to landmark 1 .
avoid the yellow room until after you 've gone to the orange room .
avoid the orange room
go to blue room and then to red room
go to a spot in the yellow room , but do n't touch landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 then go to the first floor .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark 1 .
move to landmark 3 and then proceed to the yellow room .
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the purple room .
go to the third floor through the purple room .
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the purple room
go to the first floor by first going to the second floor .
go to landmark 1 by only navigating within the red room .
move to the purple room then continue to the red room .
pass through landmark 2 before going to the third floor .
navigate to the green room , always avoiding the blue room .
go to the second floor avoiding the orange room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the orange room
go to landmark 1 and remain within the blue room .
go to the yellow room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the yellow room then you can go to the orange room .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the purple room .
go to the first floor without going through the yellow room . if you reached the first floor then you can go to the yellow room , or be done .
go through the first floor to the yellow room
pass through the green room on your way to the second floor .
navigate to landmark 3 through the blue room .
go to landmark 3 through the purple room
stay in the red room and go to landmark 1 and stop
go to the purple room by first going through the green room .
got to landmark 3 through the green room .
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the red room
go to the orange room by touching the yellow room .
avoid the green room until you go through the blue room .
proceed to the orange room by going through the red room .
go to the third floor without going to the green room .
go to the blue room without ever leaving the third floor .
avoid the green room before you navigate to the first floor .
stay on the first floor and navigate to landmark 3 .
go to the red room while avoiding landmark 1
go to the third floor by first going through the yellow room .
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the green room .
avoid landmark 3 until you navigate to landmark 1 .
go through the green room first , then go to the yellow room .
move to the green room and then the purple room .
stay on the first floor and go to landmark 2 .
go to the red room by first going through the blue room .
navigate through landmark 2 to the first floor .
get to landmark 3 , while avoiding landmark 1
move to landmark 3 , but travel to the 1st floor first .
go to the orange room without going to the red room . if you reached the orange room , now you can go to the red room .
go to the red room by avoiding landmark 2. if you reached the red room , then you can proceed to landmark 2 .
go to the green room , then go to the second floor .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark 2. if you reached the yellow room , then you can proceed to landmark 2 .
go up to the first floor without going to landmark 1 .
go through landmark 3 to the third floor .
go to the yellow room while staying on the second floor .
go to the red room before you go to landmark 1 .
go to the third floor without going to the purple room .
go to landmark 3 , avoid the blue room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the orange room through the blue room
go to the 1st floor through landmark 2
navigate to landmark 1 through the yellow room .
go to the red room through the 2nd floor
always avoid landmark 1 and go to landmark 2 .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to landmark 1 .
go through the red room first , then go to the orange room .
go to the purple room and then go to the yellow room .
go from the first floor to the red room
navigate to landmark 2 through the third floor .
remain on the second floor and navigate to the red room .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark 3. if you reached the green room , then you can proceed to landmark 3 .
stay on the first floor while going to the orange room .
proceed to the purple room without going to any other floors .
go to landmark 2 but avoid landmark 3 .
always go through the yellow room and then to landmark 3 .
avoid the red room until you enter the purple room .
go to landmark 1 then landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 by only navigating within the purple room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark 3
go to landmark 3 before going to the green room
go to landmark 1 avoiding the yellow room . then go to the yellow room or stay on landmark 1 .
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the orange room .
move to the first floor , travelling through the blue room .
navigate to the red room but never go to the blue room .
go directly to landmark 2 by only moving in the purple room .
go to landmark 2 while staying on the first floor .
go to landmark 1 by only navigating within the blue room .
always avoid the orange room and go to the red room .
stay on the second floor while going to the purple room .
go to the 1st floor through the blue room
go to the green room while always avoiding the blue room
go to the purple room and avoid landmark 3 .
go directly to the green room without changing floors .
visit landmark 2 but do n't leave the third floor .
avoid the purple room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the purple room .
proceed to the green room but do n't leave the first floor .
without leaving the third floor go to the green room .
go to the purple room before going to the red room .
go to the yellow room before you go to landmark 3 .
always go through the blue room before going to landmark 3 .
avoid the yellow room , navigate to the purple room .
do not go into the green room until going to landmark 3
avoid going through landmark 3 until you go through the yellow room .
always avoid landmark 1 and go to landmark 3 .
travel to the 1st floor and then go to landmark 1 .
always avoid landmark 1 and go to the green room .
go to landmark 2 before navigating to the third floor .
go to the orange room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the orange room then you may proceed to the purple room .
avoid landmark 1 until reaching the red room .
go to landmark 2 and then go to the purple room .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the green room
always go through landmark 1 and then to the blue room .
move to the purple room without leaving the third floor .
go to the red room avoiding landmark 1 .
go to first floor without going into the green room
move to the purple room first then travel to landmark 3 .
avoid the blue room until you navigate to landmark 3 .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to landmark 2 .
move towards green room and then to first floor .
avoid the purple room until you enter the orange room .
go to the second floor avoiding the red room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the red room
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the green room
avoid the red room and travel to the orange room .
pass through landmark 1 on your way to the third floor .
avoid the purple room until reaching landmark 3 .
go to the orange room and go down to the 1st floor .
head to landmark 3 after going to the blue room .
move to landmark 1 without entering the red room . then you may stay at landmark 1 or go to the red room .
go up to the first floor without going to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 without leaving the purple room .
go to the red room and then go to landmark 3 .
move to the green room avoiding landmark 1. if you got to the green room then you can continue to landmark 1 .
always go through the blue room and then to landmark 2 .
go to yellow room and then to purple room
avoid the blue room until landmark 1 .
avoid the red room and go to the orange room .
avoid the blue room until reaching landmark 1 .
always avoid the red room and go to the orange room .
navigate to the orange room through the yellow room .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark 2
go to landmark 1 and avoid the blue room .
go to landmark 3 while always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the second floor then go to the purple room
go to the second floor without going through the blue room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the blue room , or be done .
avoid the yellow room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the yellow room , or just stay on the third floor .
go to landmark 3 by only navigating within the yellow room .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark 3
proceed to the orange room by going through the green room .
avoid the red room until going to the green room .
go to the second floor always avoiding the green room .
always go through the orange room before going to landmark 3 .
always avoid landmark 3 and navigate to landmark 2 .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the first floor .
head to the orange room and then head to the third floor .
go to the yellow room , then proceed to landmark 2 .
go to the purple room without going to the green room .
go to landmark 1 , avoid the orange room until you have been to the landmark .
always pass landmark 3 before landmark 1 .
move to the red room and then move to landmark 1 .
stay in the red room and go to landmark 3 and stop
go to the red room , then go to landmark 3 .
go directly to landmark 1 and do not leave the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 only through the 2nd floor
go to the orange room by first going through the yellow room .
go through the green room to the third floor .
go to the third floor via landmark 3 .
head to landmark 3 after going to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until you navigate to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 3 by only stepping in the green room .
avoid the green room until going to the yellow room .
navigate to the purple room , always avoiding the green room .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the purple room
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the orange room .
go to the orange room through the purple room .
first navigate to the blue room , then make your way to the green room .
move to landmark 2 , but go through the red room first .
go to the red room while avoiding the purple room and if you have reached the red room then you can go to the purple room .
go to landmark 3 before going to the orange room
stay on the third floor and go to the yellow room .
remain on the first floor and move to the blue room .
go to the purple room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the purple room then you can go to the yellow room .
avoid the blue room on your way to landmark 2 .
go through the blue room before going to landmark 3
go to the second floor and then to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 without changing floors
from the second floor , navigate to the red room .
go to the first floor via landmark 3 .
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the purple room
stay in the purple room and go to landmark 2 .
go to the third floor without going through the purple room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the purple room , or be done .
go to 1 st floor after 3rd floor
avoid the red room until going to the third floor .
without leaving the second floor go to the blue room .
move to the first floor by going through the red room
do n't leave the yellow room and go to landmark 2 .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the purple room .
move to the second floor by going through the green room
remain on the first floor and move to the orange room .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the red room
go to the purple room while avoiding landmark 3
go to landmark 2 while avoiding the first and third floor .
go from the second floor to landmark 3 .
go to the yellow room but do not enter the orange room first .
always go through the red room to get to the orange room .
go to the second floor and then go to the orange room .
remain on the second floor while going to the green room .
avoid landmark 2 and go to the purple room .
go through landmark 2 to the red room .
go to landmark 3 after navigating to the second floor .
go to the yellow room and go down to the 1st floor .
avoid landmark 1 , and go to landmark 2 .
go to the orange room by first going through the purple room .
avoid landmark 3 until you navigate to landmark 2 .
go to the purple room by first going through the yellow room .
avoid the red room and go to the green room .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the orange room .
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the blue room
go to the red room by first going through landmark 2 .
travel through the blue room then go to the red room .
go to the yellow room through landmark 3
go to landmark 3 while always avoiding the orange room .
always avoid the blue room while navigating to landmark 3 .
always avoid landmark 3 , and navigate to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 1 and remain within the purple room .
go to the purple room through the blue room .
go through the orange room first , then go to the yellow room .
go from 1st floor to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 but do not first go through the red room .
travel through the green room then go to the purple room .
avoid the orange room until navigating to the red room .
go to landmark 3 and proceed to landmark 1 .
go to the red room while always avoiding the purple room
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the blue room .
navigate from the first floor to the blue room .
go to first floor without going into the yellow room
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the green room .
advance to landmark 1 but always avoid the blue room .
avoid the purple room until you go through the blue room .
move to the yellow room without changing floors .
move to the second floor without entering the orange room .
go to the orange room through the second floor .
navigate from the third floor to the green room .
go to landmark 3 while avoiding the first and third floor .
go from the purple room to the yellow room
go to the red room avoiding the yellow room . only if you reached the red room then you may proceed to the yellow room .
pass through landmark 2 on your way to the third floor .
go to landmark 2 before navigating to the second floor .
avoid the purple room until after going to the third floor .
avoid the purple room until navigating to the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 but always avoid landmark 3 .
go to the orange room without going through the yellow room .
proceed to the orange room but do n't leave the third floor .
navigate to the second floor , avoiding landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 through the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 then go to the yellow room .
always avoid landmark 3 and go to landmark 2
go to landmark one , then down to the blue room .
go to the orange room through the first floor .
head to the yellow room , but make sure to go through the red room first .
go to the blue room while avoiding landmark 2
navigate to landmark 3 then continue to the red room .
do directly to landmark 1 without leaving the blue room .
first go to landmark 2 , then go to the yellow room .
navigate to the yellow room by passing through the third floor .
go through the first floor to the purple room
always avoid landmark 3 and go to landmark 1
go through landmark 1 then go to landmark 3 .
avoid the orange room and go to the purple room .
go to the green room by first going through the blue room .
go to the first floor then go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 and then to landmark 1 .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through the green room
go to the orange room without going to the purple room .
go through landmark 3 before going to the green room .
without stepping outside of the purple room , go to landmark 2 .
navigate to the purple room by passing through the first floor .
go to the blue room , then go to the second floor .
avoid the green room until you enter the purple room .
avoid the purple room until going to the blue room .
go to the orange room through landmark 1
navigate to the third floor but do n't ever go to landmark 1 .
go to the purple room through landmark 3
navigate through landmark 1 and go to the green room .
go through the purple room to the second floor .
always go through landmark 2 and then to the blue room .
go through the first floor to the purple room .
go to landmark 3 and avoid the blue room .
go to the 2nd floor and then go to the green room .
move to landmark 1 and then proceed to the yellow room .
go to the second floor but never go to the green room .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to the third floor .
go through the yellow room first , then go to the orange room .
avoid landmark 1 until going to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 1 and then go to the third floor .
stay in the green room to navigate to landmark 3 .
first move to landmark 1 then navigate to the green room .
go to the orange room through the green room
go to landmark 2 but do not enter the yellow room first .
go through the purple room , then make your way to landmark 1 .
move to landmark 1 , but go through the yellow room first .
go from the first floor to the orange room .
do n't leave the orange room and go to landmark 2 .
head to the orange room and then head to the second floor .
avoid the green room until you go to the first floor .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the orange room .
stay in the red room to get to landmark 3 .
go to the second floor avoiding the yellow room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the yellow room
go to landmark 3 while avoiding going through any other objects
go to landmark 1 before going to the third floor .
go through the red room before going to landmark 3
go to the blue room by first visiting landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room while staying on the third floor .
go to landmark 2 and remain within the yellow room .
avoid landmark 3 and move into the blue room .
go to blue room and then to purple room
stay on the third floor while going to the red room .
go to landmark 1 by going through landmark 3
avoid the red room until reaching landmark 2 .
navigate to the second floor via the green room .
avoid the blue room before you navigate to the second floor .
always avoid the red room to navigate to landmark 1 .
avoid the red room until navigating to the orange room .
avoid the blue room , navigate to the red room .
do directly to landmark 1 without leaving the purple room .
go to second floor and then to landmark 3
go to the green room through the third floor .
go to the yellow room but avoid landmark 2. if you reached to the yellow room then you can head to landmark 2 or stay put .
go to the second floor then go to the blue room
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the purple room .
go to the third floor and avoid the purple room .
go to the blue room without going to another floor .
go to the second floor but do not go through the green room first .
go to the red room and then go to the yellow room .
move to landmark 1 , but go through the blue room first .
stay in the yellow room to navigate to landmark 2 .
avoid landmark 2 and go to the second floor .
avoid landmark 3 until you go to the orange room .
go to landmark 3 , avoid the orange room until you have been to the landmark .
stay in the orange room to get to landmark 2 .
while always avoiding the red room , go to landmark 1 .
proceed to the red room by going through the purple room .
go to the 3rd floor but do not go to landmark 3 .
go through the green room and navigate to the first floor .
always avoid landmark 1 and navigate to the orange room .
go to the green room while always avoiding the red room
always avoid the orange room and navigate to the third floor .
go from the red room to the yellow room
navigate to the green room always avoiding the orange room .
move to the second floor by going through the orange room
go through the purple room to landmark 2 .
head to the green room but first go to the second floor .
move to landmark 2 without leaving the third floor .
always go to landmark 1 before landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 and always avoid the purple room
go to landmark 1 before going to the blue room .
go to the purple room through the green room
move to landmark 1 , but travel to the 1st floor first .
move to landmark 2 but avoid landmark 1 .
go to the blue room and then go to landmark 2 .
move to landmark 2 , but travel to the 1st floor first .
go to landmark 3 by avoiding the green room and then stay there or continue to the green room .
avoid landmark 3 and move into the red room .
go to the red room by first going through landmark 1 .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through the orange room
go through the third floor to the purple room .
go to landmark 2 but always stay away from landmark 1 .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the orange room .
avoid the red room until navigating to the green room .
go to landmark 2 then go to the green room .
avoid landmark 1 until going to the red room .
avoid the blue room until going to the third floor .
go to the green room through landmark 2 .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark 1 .
go to the purple room by first going through landmark 1 .
move towards orange room and then to third floor .
always avoid the red room , go to landmark 1 .
avoid the blue room until you go to the first floor .
avoid the blue room , navigate to the purple room .
go to the green room through the purple room
from the second floor , navigate to the purple room .
go through the red room before navigating to landmark 2 .
navigate to the orange room before you go to landmark 2 .
advance to landmark 3 but always avoid the blue room .
navigate to the yellow room staying on the first floor .
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the blue room .
do n't go into the yellow room until going to landmark 3
go to the second floor before you go to the first floor .
go through the orange room and navigate to the second floor .
avoid the purple room until landmark 3 .
move to landmark 2 , but travel to the 1st floor first .
move to the third floor without entering the yellow room .
avoid landmark 1 until you pass through orange room .
avoid landmark 1 until after reaching landmark 3 .
avoid the purple room until you navigate to landmark 3 .
go directly to the purple room without changing floors .
go to landmark 3 only through the 2nd floor
without stepping outside of the red room , go to landmark 1 .
avoid the green room until going to the red room .
go to the red room , avoiding landmark 3 .
advance to landmark 1 but always avoid the red room .
go through the red room before going to landmark 1
go to the yellow room without touching landmark 3 .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the second floor .
move to the second floor by going through the red room
go to the green room without going to the yellow room
always avoid the purple room , go to the second floor .
go to the yellow room while avoiding landmark 2
go to the third floor and then go directly to the first floor .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the green room .
go to landmark 1 , avoid the yellow room until you have been to the landmark .
without leaving the third floor go to the orange room .
avoid landmark 1 until after the red room
go to the second floor and avoid the red room .
always avoid the yellow room and go to landmark 1 .
while always avoiding the yellow room , go to landmark 2 .
head to the orange room but first go to the first floor .
navigate to the first floor through the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the green room .
go to the blue room before going to the purple room .
move to the second floor and then head to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 then go to the purple room .
move to the third floor by going through the blue room
go to or through the second floor always avoid going through the orange room
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the orange room .
go to the yellow room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the yellow room then you can go to the green room .
go to landmark 2 before going to the blue room
avoid the red room and travel to the yellow room .
head to the purple room , but make sure to go through the blue room first .
go to the third floor without going to the blue room .
go to landmark 1 and then to landmark 2
navigate to the third floor via the green room .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the blue room .
go to landmark 1 while always avoiding the orange room .
go to the first floor always avoiding the red room .
avoid landmark 1 until after reaching landmark 2 .
avoid landmark 3 while traveling to landmark 2. once there , you may travel to landmark 3 .
stay in the purple room to navigate to landmark 3 .
first go to the orange room and then go to landmark 1 .
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the purple room .
navigate to the second floor through the green room .
go from 2nd floor to red room .
go through landmark 3 before going to the third floor .
stay in the purple room to get to landmark 3 .
navigate to the blue room after going to the second floor .
go to the orange room through the second floor
go to or through landmark 1. always avoid going to landmark 1 through landmark 3
go from 2nd floor to blue room .
avoid the red room and go to landmark 1. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the red room or stay on landmark 1 .
stay in the orange room to navigate to landmark 2 .
from the second floor , navigate to the orange room .
move to the purple room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
go to third floor without going into the orange room
go to the green room avoiding landmark 3 .
go to the orange room and if you have reached the orange room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the orange room .
go to landmark 3 before going to the yellow room
go to the green room only through the 1st floor
go directly to the green room without changing floors .
go directly to landmark 1 and do not leave the purple room .
go to the first floor . if you reached the first floor then you may go to the orange room .
go to landmark 1 before going to the purple room
navigate to landmark 3 through the third floor .
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the yellow room .
go to the red room but do not enter the yellow room first .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark 1 and then stay in the green room or continue to landmark 1
go from the 2nd floor to the orange room
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the red room .
avoid the red room and go to landmark 2
go through landmark 1 on your way to the third floor .
always avoid going to landmark 3 through the purple room
avoid the red room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the red room .
avoid the orange room and travel to the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 before going to landmark 2 .
always go through landmark 2 and then to the orange room .
go to the blue room and avoid landmark 2 .
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the orange room first .
go through landmark 3 to the red room .
go to the third floor , then go to the red room .
avoid the purple room until after navigating to the yellow room .
move to the blue room first then travel to landmark 2 .
travel through the orange room then go to the yellow room .
move to the green room first then travel to landmark 1 .
go to the purple room , then go to the second floor .
go to the blue room by first visiting landmark 3 .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark 2 .
always navigate to green room and then proceed to second floor .
avoid the blue room and travel to the red room .
always avoid landmark 2 and navigate to the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until you go through the orange room .
go to the first floor but avoid the blue room .
avoid landmark 3 until after the blue room
move to the blue room avoiding landmark 2. if you got to the blue room then you can continue to landmark 2 .
move to the second floor by going through the blue room
move to the second floor , travelling through the purple room .
go to landmark 1 but do not first go through the purple room .
travel through the green room then go to the orange room .
go to landmark 1 by only stepping in the red room .
avoid the green room on your way to landmark 1 .
avoid the orange room and go to the yellow room .
go to the second floor but avoid the purple room .
avoid landmark 2 until you go to the red room .
stay on the second floor and navigate to landmark 3 .
go through the red room before going to landmark 3
avoid the green room until you go to the third floor .
move to landmark 1 , but go through the purple room first .
first go to to landmark 1 then go to the red room .
go to landmark 2 but do not first go through the green room .
go through the orange room first , then go to the purple room .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark 2 and then stay in the orange room or continue to landmark 2
go to the green room avoiding landmark 1. if you reached the green room then you may go to landmark 1 .
pass through landmark 1 before going to the second floor .
go to the purple room and then go to the green room .
always go through the orange room to get to the purple room .
go to landmark 1 and then the green room
navigate through landmark 3 to the first floor .
navigate to the orange room by passing through the third floor .
go to the third floor always avoiding the blue room .
go to the yellow room and then navigate to the red room .
go to the green room , then go to the third floor .
always avoid the red room while navigating to landmark 1 .
go to the yellow room through the second floor .
go through landmark 3 and navigate to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room through the orange room .
go to the purple room through the red room .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the blue room
navigate to the green room , always avoiding the orange room .
avoid landmark 1 until going to the green room .
go to the second floor and avoid the purple room .
go to the first floor , then go to the red room .
go to the red room , then proceed to landmark 3 .
stay in the purple room to navigate to landmark 1 .
go directly to the green room without changing floors .
stay on the second floor and go to the green room .
go to landmark 3 by only stepping in the blue room .
go to the second floor then move to the blue room .
avoid landmark 2 until you pass through green room .
avoid the blue room until landmark 3 .
go to the orange room while always avoiding landmark 1
head to the purple room and then head to the first floor .
go to the yellow room through the blue room .
stay away from the green room and go to landmark 3 .
avoid landmark 2 until you go to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to landmark 1 .
stay in the blue room to navigate to landmark 2 .
go through the first floor and navigate to the orange room .
remain on the second floor and move to the blue room .
stay in the purple room to navigate to landmark 2 .
remain on the third floor while going to the orange room .
always avoid the orange room , go to landmark 1 .
go to the second floor and avoid landmark 2 .
go to landmark 3 avoiding the yellow room . then go to the yellow room or stay on landmark 3 .
go to the third floor but do not go through the green room first .
avoid the purple room until you go through the orange room .
go to the first floor through landmark 1 .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the yellow room .
navigate to landmark 1 then continue to the blue room .
go from the second floor to the purple room
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through the yellow room
go to landmark 1 without changing floors
go to the purple room while staying on the second floor .
move to the yellow room then continue to the purple room .
go to landmark 1 , avoid the blue room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the blue room and go down to the 1st floor .
head to landmark 2 after going to the orange room .
avoid the purple room until after you 've gone to the red room .
always go to landmark 2 before navigating to the blue room .
avoid the orange room until going to the blue room .
avoid the purple room until you go to the third floor .
move to the blue room and then the yellow room .
navigate to the green room before you go to landmark 3 .
go to the purple room without touching landmark 1 .
move to anywhere on the third floor , then move to anywhere on the second floor .
navigate through landmark 3 and go to the yellow room .
go through landmark 2 before going to the third floor .
always avoid the orange room , go to landmark 3 .
go up to the first floor without going to landmark 2 .
navigate to the first floor via the purple room .
always avoid going to landmark 1 through the green room
avoid the red room until you go to the first floor .
go to the first floor through the purple room .
head to the red room and then head to the third floor .
go to the purple room and avoid the red room .
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the yellow room
navigate to the first floor and avoid landmark 3 .
do n't go into the green room until going to landmark 1
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the yellow room
go to the yellow room while avoiding landmark 3
go to landmark 1 but do not first go through the green room .
move to the blue room then continue to the orange room .
go to the orange room while avoiding landmark 3
go to the first floor by going through landmark 2 .
while always avoiding the green room , go to landmark 3 .
always avoid landmark 1 and go to landmark 2
avoid the orange room
move to the second floor by going through the yellow room
go to the second floor by first going through the red room .
move to landmark 1 without entering the yellow room . then you may stay at landmark 1 or go to the yellow room .
go to the red room before you go to landmark 2 .
head to the orange room , but make sure to go through the green room first .
go to landmark 3 before going to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until you go to landmark 2 .
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the purple room
go through the purple room to the first floor .
go to landmark 2 by only stepping in the orange room .
go to the second floor and avoid landmark 1 .
go to the purple room without touching landmark 3 .
avoid the orange room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the orange room .
go to the red room without going to another floor .
avoid the blue room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the blue room , or just stay on the third floor .
go to landmark 1 while always avoiding the red room .
go to landmark 3 through the orange room .
avoid the orange room until you go through the purple room .
navigate through landmark 1 to the second floor .
avoid the yellow room until going through landmark 2 .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to the first floor .
go to the blue room only through the 1st floor
avoid the yellow room on your way to the green room . once you get to the green room you can to the yellow room .
go to or through the red room . always avoid going to the red room through landmark 2
go to the green room avoiding the purple room . only if you reached the green room then you may proceed to the purple room .
go to orange room and then to purple room
go up to the third floor without going to landmark 3 .
avoid the green room until reaching landmark 3 .
go to the yellow room through landmark 1 .
move to the purple room then continue to the yellow room .
do not navigate away from the first floor and go to the red room .
do not go into the purple room until going to landmark 3
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark 1 .
first go to the yellow room and then go to landmark 1 .
move to the second floor and then head to landmark 2 .
always go through the red room to get to the yellow room .
first navigate to landmark 3 , then go to landmark 1 .
go through the third floor to the blue room
navigate to the third floor via the red room .
go to landmark 3 but do not first go through the blue room .
head to the yellow room but first go to the first floor .
avoid the green room until after you 've gone to the purple room .
go to the yellow room without going to another floor .
always avoid the red room , go to the first floor .
go to the green room by first visiting landmark 1 .
from the second floor , navigate to the blue room .
first go to the green room and then go to landmark 2 .
navigate to the first floor then continue to landmark 1 .
move to the orange room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
move to landmark 2 without leaving the first floor .
go to the second floor and avoid the blue room .
go from the second floor to the red room
always avoid the blue room and go to the purple room .
go directly to landmark 1 by only moving in the red room .
head to landmark 2 after going to the yellow room .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to the second floor .
go to the first floor , then navigate to the orange room .
always go through the purple room before going to landmark 3 .
always avoid the red room , go to landmark 3 .
go to the third floor , then go to the yellow room .
go to the green room without touching landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 by only navigating within the purple room .
go to landmark 1 then go to the orange room .
go to the first floor and avoid the blue room .
always avoid the landmark 1 and travel to landmark 3 .
always avoid landmark 1 and navigate to the green room .
go through the red room to the orange room .
move to the first floor without entering the blue room .
go to the first floor by first going through the orange room .
avoid the purple room and go to the third floor .
always go through the red room to get to the purple room .
avoid the landmark 2 and go to the third floor .
avoid the red room , navigate to the purple room .
go to the purple room while avoiding landmark 2
avoid the orange room and go to the third floor .
go to the red room before going to the yellow room .
move to the orange room then continue to the purple room .
go to yellow room , but do not go to orange room .
always avoid the green room to navigate to landmark 3 .
always avoid landmark 3 and go to the blue room .
avoid the purple room and go to the green room .
avoid the purple room until going through landmark 2 .
go through the red room before going to the orange room .
go to the purple room without going to landmark 1 .
navigate through landmark 2 and go to the blue room .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark 3
go through the green room then to the first floor .
go to the first floor and then go to the green room .
navigate to the yellow room , always avoiding the green room .
go through the green room first , then go to the orange room .
go to the green room only through the 1st floor
go through landmark 1 before going to the green room .
go to the first floor through landmark 2 .
navigate through landmark 2 to the second floor .
go to landmark 2 and then the blue room
go to the red room only through the 1st floor
without stepping outside of the orange room , go to landmark 3 .
navigate to the orange room then continue to landmark 1 .
go to the purple room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the purple room , now you can go to the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 by only navigating within the orange room .
always go through the blue room and then to landmark 3 .
move to the blue room and then move to landmark 1 .
go to the purple room by first going through landmark 3 .
go to the green room through the third floor
go to landmark 2 through the red room .
without leaving the purple room go to landmark 2 .
go through the yellow room before going to the green room .
go to the red room but do not enter the green room first .
avoid the red room until after you 've gone to the blue room .
go to landmark 1 without changing floors .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the red room .
avoid the red room and travel to the purple room .
do not go into the blue room until going to landmark 3
go to the red room by touching the purple room .
go to landmark 2 and then go to the 1st floor .
go to the orange room through the 2nd floor
navigate to the purple room staying on the third floor .
go through the second floor and navigate to the purple room .
go to the first floor while always avoiding the blue room .
go through the yellow room before navigating to landmark 3 .
move to the second floor without entering the purple room .
go to the green room , avoiding landmark 1 .
stay on the first floor while navigating to landmark 2 .
go to the first floor by going through landmark 1 .
always go from the third floor to the second floor .
avoid the red room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the red room .
got to landmark 3 through the green room .
go to the third floor via landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room without going to the purple room . if you reached the yellow room , now you can go to the purple room .
go to the purple room avoiding landmark 3. if you reached the purple room then you may go to landmark 3 .
go through the green room before navigating to landmark 2 .
move towards red room and then to third floor .
advance to landmark 2 but always avoid the blue room .
always go through landmark 1 and then to the green room .
while remaining within the blue room , go to landmark 1 .
avoid the blue room
stay in the yellow room to get to landmark 2 .
head to the purple room and then head to the second floor .
go through the orange room to landmark 2 .
go to the first floor via the purple room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the yellow room , or just stay on the second floor .
go from the purple room to the green room
move to landmark 1 without leaving the second floor .
go through the red room before navigating to landmark 3 .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through the orange room
avoid the yellow room until you enter the blue room .
navigate to the red room , always avoiding the blue room .
avoid going through landmark 1 until you go through the yellow room .
go to the green room , then proceed to landmark 3 .
go from 2nd floor to blue room .
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the purple room .
stay on the third floor to get to landmark 3 .
go to the red room without going to the orange room . if you reached the red room , now you can go to the orange room .
go to landmark 3 and avoid the purple room .
go to red room , but do not go to purple room .
go to the yellow room through the green room
avoid the orange room and go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the orange room , or just stay on the third floor .
always avoid the landmark 3 and travel to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 2 by avoiding the green room and then stay there or continue to the green room .
always avoid the blue room and go to landmark 2 .
avoid the orange room until reaching landmark 2 .
always pass landmark 3 to get to level 1 .
go to the blue room avoiding the red room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the red room .
from the third floor , navigate to the yellow room .
move to the second floor , travelling through the green room .
stay on the first floor while going to the red room .
go to the purple room without ever leaving the third floor .
go through the blue room to the green room .
always go through the purple room to get to the green room .
avoid landmark 2 and go to the first floor .
proceed to the green room without going to any other floors .
move to the green room and then the red room .
go to the yellow room by touching the blue room .
go through landmark 2 on your way to the second floor .
stay in the purple room to get to landmark 1 .
go to the red room , then go to the green room .
go to the orange room before going to the red room .
proceed to landmark 1 but avoid landmark 3 on the way . if you have reached landmark 1 then you can proceed to landmark 3 .
move to landmark 2 and then proceed to the red room .
always avoid landmark 2 and go to the red room .
first go to landmark 3 , then go to the purple room .
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the purple room
avoid the yellow room until going through landmark 1 .
avoid the yellow room until you navigate to landmark 1 .
go through landmark 3 before going to the first floor .
avoid the blue room until you go to landmark 1 .
always go through the yellow room to get to the red room .
go through the purple room to the red room .
avoid the orange room until going to the purple room .
go to the red room through the green room .
stay in the yellow room and go to landmark 3 and stop
avoid the blue room , navigate to the green room .
visit the second floor and then proceed to the first floor .
go to landmark 2 by avoiding the red room and then stay there or continue to the red room .
get to landmark 2 , while avoiding landmark 1
avoid the yellow room until you enter the green room .
go to the purple room , avoiding landmark 3 .
go to the purple room while staying on the first floor .
go to landmark 3 and then the orange room
avoid going through landmark 2 until you go through the blue room .
move to the blue room then continue to the purple room .
avoid landmark 2 until going to the orange room .
move towards orange room and then to first floor .
stay in the green room to get to landmark 2 .
avoid the yellow room until going to the purple room .
while always avoiding the red room , go to landmark 3 .
avoid landmark 3 until you go to the yellow room .
avoid the yellow room until landmark 1 .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to the second floor .
go to the green room without going to the orange room . if you reached the green room , now you can go to the orange room .
go through the yellow room before going to landmark 2
always go through the green room to get to the yellow room .
go to the orange room without going to the yellow room .
avoid landmark 3 until navigating to the green room .
without stepping outside of the purple room , go to landmark 3 .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the purple room
pass through the purple room on your way to the second floor .
go to the green room , then proceed to landmark 2 .
move to landmark 1 without entering the green room . then you may stay at landmark 1 or go to the green room .
move to the yellow room then continue to the red room .
navigate to the third floor before going to the purple room .
go from 2nd floor to orange room .
go to or through the blue room always avoid going to the blue room through the purple room
go to the purple room , then go to the yellow room .
move to the yellow room and then the orange room .
avoid the red room until you enter the blue room .
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the red room .
go to the red room while avoiding landmark 2
go to the third floor but avoid the red room .
go from 2nd floor to yellow room .
go from the green room to the purple room
go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the yellow room .
go to the first floor through the third floor .
go to landmark 1 without leaving orange room .
head to landmark 2 without changing floors .
avoid the purple room until passing landmark 1 .
avoid the blue room until reaching the second floor .
go to the blue room by first visiting landmark 1 .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the green room .
go from the first floor to the green room .
go to the third floor then go landmark 2 .
go to landmark 3 and then the purple room
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark 1. if you reached the yellow room then you may go to landmark 1 .
go directly to landmark 2 and do not leave the blue room .
while remaining within the yellow room , go to landmark 2 .
go to the green room through landmark 1
avoid the orange room until you go to the first floor .
go to landmark 2 by only navigating within the red room .
go to the yellow room without going to the green room .
go to landmark 1 and then to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 1 then go to the purple room .
go from the first floor to the blue room
go to yellow room and then to red room
go to the third floor through the green room .
go to the red room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the red room then you can go to the yellow room .
go through the third floor to the purple room
go to the blue room but do not enter the orange room first .
navigate to the second floor , and then navigate to the first floor .
always go through the green room before going to landmark 3 .
avoid the purple room and go to landmark 1. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the purple room or stay on landmark 1 .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the purple room .
avoid landmark 3 and go to landmark 2. if you 've reached landmark 2 then you can go to landmark 3 .
go to the third floor and avoid the blue room .
travel to the 1st floor and then go to landmark 3 .
do not go into the yellow room until going to landmark 2
go to landmark 1 before going to the yellow room
move to the second floor but go through landmark 2 first .
navigate to the green room through the red room .
go through the red room first , then go to the purple room .
go to the second floor without going to the purple room .
go from the 2nd floor to the green room
move to the third floor , travelling through the red room .
go to yellow room , but do not go to blue room .
avoid the red room until reaching the first floor .
move to the yellow room without changing floors .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to the third floor .
avoid landmark 3 until navigating to the purple room .
avoid the red room until navigating to the blue room .
go to the purple room avoiding the orange room . only if you reached the purple room then you may proceed to the orange room .
always avoid landmark 1 , and navigate to landmark 2 .
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark 3 .
go through the blue room before going to the green room .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark 1
navigate to the purple room by passing through the third floor .
go through the green room , then make your way to landmark 1 .
avoid the purple room on your way to the orange room . once you get to the orange room you can to the purple room .
go to the orange room without touching landmark 2 .
go to the 1st floor through the yellow room
go directly to landmark 1 by only moving in the purple room .
navigate through landmark 3 and go to the red room .
avoid landmark 3 and go to landmark 2. if you reached landmark 2 then you can go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 , avoid the orange room until you have been to the landmark .
go to landmark 3 before navigating to the second floor .
avoid the green room until passing landmark 3 .
go to the red room through the purple room
go to landmark 1 but do not first go through the red room .
go directly to the blue room without changing floors .
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the blue room
go to landmark 2 without leaving purple room .
go to the blue room without ever leaving the first floor .
pass through the orange room before going to the first floor .
move to landmark 3 without entering the green room . then you may stay at landmark 3 or go to the green room .
from the first floor , navigate to the blue room .
go to the yellow room before going to the orange room .
proceed to the green room by going through the red room .
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the purple room
move to the first floor without entering the yellow room .
go to the green room without touching landmark 3 .
go to the yellow room through landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 by avoiding the purple room and then stay there or continue to the purple room .
navigate to landmark 2 through the yellow room .
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the yellow room
navigate to the second floor always passing through the third floor .
avoid the red room until after going to the first floor .
proceed to the orange room by going through the purple room .
stay away from the yellow room and go to landmark 1 .
go to the green room without going to the red room .
avoid landmark 1 and go to the green room .
go directly to the blue room without changing floors .
move to the third floor but go through landmark 3 first .
go to the blue room via landmark 3 .
navigate to the third floor always avoiding the purple room .
avoid the blue room until going to landmark 3 .
go to the blue room but do not enter the red room first .
remain on the third floor while going to the purple room .
go directly to the red room without changing floors .
always avoid the orange room to navigate to landmark 3 .
always avoid the purple room and go to the orange room .
navigate to the red room through the blue room .
do n't leave the yellow room and go to landmark 1 .
go to the first floor always avoiding the green room .
avoid the orange room until going to the green room .
avoid the purple room until reaching landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 2 until going to the blue room .
move to landmark 3 , but go through the yellow room first .
go to landmark 3 and remain within the orange room .
go through the blue room first , then go to the green room .
go from the third floor to landmark 2 .
go to the second floor then go landmark 2 .
move through landark 1 to landmark 2 .
stay on the third floor while navigating to landmark 2 .
go to the blue room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the blue room then you can go to the red room .
go to landmark 3 and then go to the 1st floor .
avoid landmark 3 and go to the second floor .
go to landmark 1 by avoiding the orange room and then stay there or continue to the orange room .
go through the blue room then to the second floor .
go to landmark 1 and then go to the yellow room .
avoid the red room until after you 've gone to the green room .
go to the purple room and avoid landmark 1 .
go to the green room avoiding landmark 3. if you reached the green room then you may go to landmark 3 .
go to the 3rd floor but do not go to landmark 1 .
go to the red room without touching landmark one .
go to the first floor always avoiding the blue room .
go to landmark 3 from the second floor only .
go to the green room without going to the orange room .
without stepping outside of the green room , go to landmark 3 .
go from the yellow room to the purple room
move to the red room then continue to the purple room .
always avoid the green room and navigate to the second floor .
avoid the red room until after navigating to the blue room .
go to the second floor without going through the purple room . if you reached the second floor then you can go to the purple room , or be done .
avoid the orange room and go to the second floor .
go to the first floor always avoiding the orange room .
navigate to the first floor before going to the red room .
avoid landmark 3 until you go to landmark 1 .
always avoid the red room and go to landmark 2 .
go directly to landmark 3 by only moving in the blue room .
always avoid the yellow room and navigate to the second floor .
always avoid the orange room while navigating to landmark 3 .
head to the blue room and then head to the third floor .
avoid the purple room and go to the red room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 and remain within the blue room .
go through the red room to the third floor .
go to the 1st floor through the green room
go to landmark 3 via the third floor .
proceed to the green room by going through the yellow room .
go to the red room , then go to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 2 always avoiding the yellow room .
travel through the green room then go to the yellow room .
navigate to the third floor through the blue room .
go to the purple room but avoid landmark 3. if you reached to the purple room then you can head to landmark 3 or stay put .
go to landmark 3 without leaving red room .
go to the third floor via the blue room .
stay away from the orange room and go to landmark 2 .
first go to to landmark 3 then go to the red room .
go to the 1st floor through the 3rd floor
go to landmark 1 but avoid landmark 3 .
while always avoiding the yellow room , go to landmark 1 .
first go to to landmark 1 then go to the purple room .
go to the first floor through the blue room .
avoid landmark 2 and go to the third floor .
go directly to the purple room without changing floors .
go to landmark 2 then go to the second floor .
go to the blue room , then go to the yellow room .
visit the first floor and then proceed to the second floor .
go to the third floor avoiding the red room . if you get to third floor you can then proceed to the red room
avoid landmark 2 until navigating to the blue room .
go from the 1st floor to landmark 3
go to the third floor through the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 , avoid the yellow room until you have been to the landmark .
avoid going through landmark 3 until you go through the purple room .
go to landmark 2 through the blue room .
avoid landmark 3 , and go to landmark 1 .
avoid the yellow room
navigate to the red room but never go to the purple room .
go from the third floor to the purple room .
first go to to landmark 3 then go to the yellow room .
go to the green room and if you have reached the green room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the green room .
go to the green room only through the 1st floor
go to the purple room while always avoiding the yellow room
go through the first floor to the green room .
avoid the green room until you navigate to landmark 3 .
always avoid the landmark 3 and travel to landmark 1 .
go to the red room while avoiding landmark 3
go through the blue room to the second floor .
avoid the red room until you enter the green room .
avoid the orange room until going through landmark 1 .
go to the third floor by going through landmark 3 .
go to red room , but do not go to blue room .
go to the blue room avoiding landmark 2. if you reached the blue room then you may go to landmark 2 .
do n't go into the yellow room until going to landmark 2
avoid the yellow room and go to the third floor .
move to the green room then continue to the orange room .
navigate to the third floor before going to the second floor .
avoid the yellow room until going to the orange room .
go to the yellow room and then go to the orange room .
proceed to the purple room by going through the orange room .
go to landmark 1 while always avoiding the red room
go through the orange room before going to landmark 2
go to the blue room avoiding landmark 3 .
travel through the orange room then go to the green room .
navigate to the green room through the orange room .
go directly to landmark 2 and do not leave the purple room .
avoid the yellow room on your way to landmark 3 .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through the purple room
always go through the purple room before going to landmark 1 .
avoid the yellow room and go to the second floor .
go through the purple room to the third floor .
pass through landmark 1 on your way to the first floor .
go to the second floor without going to the orange room .
visit the purple room and then move to the first floor .
go to the third floor always avoiding the green room .
go to the blue room and then go to the green room .
go to the purple room without going to landmark 3 .
go to the second floor , then head to the first floor .
avoid landmark 1 and go to landmark 2 .
go to the green room through the 2nd floor
go directly to the green room without changing floors and then go to landmark 3 .
always go through landmark 3 and then to the green room .
do directly to landmark 2 without leaving the purple room .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the red room .
go to the third floor before you navigate to landmark 3 .
always avoid going to landmark 2 through the purple room
proceed to the purple room but do n't leave the second floor .
go to the yellow room while always avoiding landmark 1
go through the first floor to the red room .
navigate to the first floor via the green room .
go to the green room while avoiding the yellow room and if you have reached the green room then you can go to the yellow room .
go to the purple room , avoiding landmark 2 .
go to the third floor then move to the green room .
proceed to landmark 1 , but never move outside of the yellow room .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the green room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the green room .
stay on the third floor to get to landmark 2 .
avoid the green room until you go to the blue room .
go to the red room and avoid landmark 1 .
go to the second floor and then go to the yellow room .
always avoid landmark 3 and navigate to the purple room .
advance to landmark 2 but always avoid the purple room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the second floor .
go from the yellow room to the green room
go through landmark 2 and navigate to the orange room .
go to or through the red room always avoid going to the red room through the purple room
go to orange room , but do not go to green room .
stay on the second floor and go to landmark 3 .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the red room . if you reached the third floor you can stay there , or head to the red room .
go to landmark 2 through the 1st floor
navigate to the first floor always avoiding the purple room .
move to landmark 3 without leaving the first floor .
avoid the green room until reaching landmark 2 .
navigate to the second floor before going to the blue room .
go to the purple room by touching the red room .
go to the third floor and then head to landmark 3 .
move to landmark 1 , but go through the orange room first .
go to landmark 2 , then head to the first floor .
go to the red room without touching landmark one .
avoid landmark 3 and go to landmark 1 .
head to the green room and then head to the third floor .
navigate to the green room by passing through the third floor .
stay in the red room and go to landmark 3
go to the orange room and then navigate to the yellow room .
go to landmark 1 but do not enter the green room first .
move to the red room then continue to the yellow room .
go to the orange room and then navigate to the red room .
avoid the red room on your way to landmark 3 .
move to the green room without changing floors .
go through landmark 3 to the orange room .
navigate to the second floor before going to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 1 by only navigating within the purple room .
go directly to landmark 1 and do not leave the green room .
go through landmark 1 and navigate to the red room .
go to landmark 2 by avoiding the purple room and then stay there or continue to the purple room .
always avoid the blue room , go to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 1 while always avoiding the purple room
go to the second floor , then go to the green room .
advance to landmark 3 but always avoid the red room .
navigate to the second floor but do n't ever go to landmark 2 .
move to the yellow room and then the red room .
visit the purple room and then move to the third floor .
go to landmark 1 through the red room
go directly to landmark 3 and do not leave the purple room .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the green room .
avoid the red room and go to landmark 3 .
navigate through landmark 2 and go to the purple room .
always go to landmark 1 before navigating to the yellow room .
remain on the first floor and move to the green room .
first go to landmark 1 , then go to the blue room .
go to the third floor before you go to the second floor .
avoid going through landmark 1 until you go through the green room .
navigate to the green room then continue to landmark 2 .
avoid the red room until you go through the blue room .
travel to the 1st floor and then go to landmark 2 .
go to the second floor , then navigate to the yellow room .
avoid the green room on your way to landmark 3 .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the green room .
do not go into the red room until going to landmark 1
go to landmark 2 by avoiding the yellow room and then stay there or continue to the yellow room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark 1. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the orange room or stay on landmark 1 .
avoid the orange room until you go through the blue room .
avoid the green room and go to the purple room .
move to landmark 2 without entering the red room . then you may stay at landmark 2 or go to the red room .
avoid the yellow room until you go to landmark 2 .
avoid the green room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the green room .
go to the orange room through landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 always avoiding the orange room .
avoid the orange room and go to the second floor . if you reached the second floor then you may go to the orange room , or just stay on the second floor .
always go through the yellow room and then to landmark 2 .
go to the orange room and go down to the 1st floor .
go to red room and then to orange room
go through the second floor to the blue room .
go to yellow room , but do not go to purple room .
go to the blue room via landmark 2 .
while always avoiding the blue room , go to landmark 3 .
avoid the orange room until you navigate to the third floor .
go through the orange room to landmark 1 .
avoid going through landmark 1 until you go through the blue room .
stay in the blue room to navigate to landmark 1 .
first move to landmark 2 then navigate to the red room .
go to the orange room , then go to the red room .
go to the purple room through the second floor .
avoid the yellow room until reaching landmark 2 .
navigate to the purple room through the red room .
go to landmark 1 but always avoid landmark 3 .
go from 2nd floor to purple room .
avoid the blue room until after going to the second floor .
pass through landmark 3 on your way to the first floor .
go through the red room , then make your way to landmark 2 .
go to the blue room without going to the purple room . if you reached the blue room , now you can go to the purple room .
go to orange room , but do not go to purple room .
go to the first floor without going to the blue room .
go to the third floor without going through the green room . if you reached the third floor then you can go to the green room , or be done .
go to or through the green room always avoid going to the green room through landmark 2
go to landmark 2 while always avoiding the green room .
move to the second floor without entering the blue room .
go to red room , but do not go to green room .
travel to the 1st floor and then go to landmark 2 .
stay away from the orange room and go to landmark 1 .
go to the purple room through the 2nd floor
go directly to the yellow room without changing floors .
go to the purple room and if you have reached the purple room you may proceed to the red room or stay in the purple room .
stay away from the red room and go to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 3 but remain on the third floor .
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the red room .
go to landmark 2 always avoiding the orange room .
go to the orange room only through the 1st floor
go to the first floor then move to the yellow room .
go to the 3rd floor but do not go to landmark 3 .
avoid the green room until after navigating to the blue room .
avoid the yellow room , navigate to the green room .
avoid the red room and go to landmark 1
go to the third floor then go to the green room
go to the orange room without going through the purple room .
do not navigate away from the third floor and go to the purple room .
always go through the orange room and then to landmark 3 .
do not go into the orange room until going to landmark 2
first go to to landmark 1 then go to the orange room .
go to the red room and if you have reached the red room you may proceed to the purple room or stay in the red room .
visit landmark 1 but do n't leave the second floor .
go to the red room avoiding landmark 3. if you reached the red room then you may go to landmark 3 .
avoid landmark 1 until you pass through yellow room .
move to landmark 1 without entering the blue room . then you may stay at landmark 1 or go to the blue room .
pass through the purple room on your way to the first floor .
go to the orange room through the 2nd floor
avoid going through landmark 3 until you go through the orange room .
go to landmark 3 and always avoid the purple room
go through the third floor to landmark 2 .
avoid landmark 3 until you pass through blue room .
go to landmark 2 and then the orange room
navigate to landmark 1 through the second floor .
go to the yellow room through the purple room
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the green room
always navigate to blue room and then proceed to third floor .
go to the first floor then the second floor .
go through the yellow room then to the first floor .
move to the second floor without entering the green room .
go to the yellow room by touching the red room .
head to landmark 1 after going to the yellow room .
go through the purple room then to the third floor .
move to the green room then continue to the purple room .
go to landmark 1 , avoid the green room until you have been to the landmark .
go to the green room before you go to landmark 2 .
without leaving the first floor go to the yellow room .
remain on the third floor and move to the green room .
go to landmark 2 then go to the blue room .
go from the red room to the purple room
stay on the second floor and navigate to landmark 2 .
stay on the first floor and go to the green room .
avoid the orange room until after you 've gone to the red room .
go through landmark 3 and then to the 1st floor .
head to the green room , but make sure to go through the yellow room first .
navigate to the first floor before going to the orange room .
avoid the yellow room and go to the green room .
go to the second floor and avoid the green room .
navigate to the orange room through the blue room .
move to landmark 3 , but travel to the 1st floor first .
go through the purple room then to the first floor .
avoid landmark 2 and go to the second floor .
go to the orange room , then proceed to landmark 2 .
go to the red room and avoid the green room .
go to the green room without going to the purple room . if you reached the green room , now you can go to the purple room .
go to the green room via landmark 2 .
always avoid the red room and go to landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 3 until going to the orange room .
pass through the orange room on your way to the first floor .
go from the orange room to the red room
first go to the purple room and then go to landmark 3 .
avoid landmark 2 until you pass through blue room .
move to the purple room without changing floors .
go to the second floor then move to the yellow room .
head to landmark 1 after going to the red room .
move to the yellow room and then the green room .
go to landmark 1 through the orange room
pass through the purple room on your way to the third floor .
go through landmark 2 to the orange room .
go to or through the yellow room . always avoid going to the yellow room through landmark 1
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the orange room .
avoid landmark 3 until reaching the red room .
always avoid the yellow room and go to landmark 2 .
go to landmark 2 and then go to the red room .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark 3 .
stay away from the blue room and go to landmark 1 .
head to the red room and then head to the first floor .
go to the third floor and then go to the yellow room .
go to the orange room , then go to landmark 3 .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the orange room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the orange room .
move to the blue room without changing floors .
do n't go into the purple room until going to landmark 1
avoid the blue room and navigate to the purple room .
go through the green room first , then go to the purple room .
remain on the first floor and navigate to the purple room .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the yellow room
avoid the green room until landmark 3 .
go to the third floor but avoid the yellow room .
move to landmark 3 and then proceed to the blue room .
go through the red room and navigate to the first floor .
go to landmark 1 , then up to landmark 2 .
go from the third floor to the red room .
always pass landmark 2 to get to level 1 .
always avoid the red room and navigate to the third floor .
go through the second floor to the first floor .
avoid the red room until you go to the purple room .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the red room
go directly to landmark 3 by only moving in the green room .
go to the third floor always avoiding the orange room .
go to landmark 1 always avoiding the purple room .
go to the orange room by touching the blue room .
navigate to the purple room through the blue room .
avoid landmark 1 until you have passed through landmark 2
stay on the third floor while going to the orange room .
go to the first floor but do not go through the blue room first .
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 while avoiding going through any other objects
pass through landmark 1 before going to the first floor .
always avoid the purple room and go to the green room .
do n't go into the blue room until going to landmark 2
go to the purple room before you go to landmark 3 .
move to the second floor , travelling through the blue room .
go from the second floor to landmark 2 .
pass through landmark 2 on your way to the first floor .
go through the blue room , then make your way to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 but do not first go through the yellow room .
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the green room .
navigate to the purple room by passing through the second floor .
avoid the yellow room until going to the green room .
go to the yellow room without going to the purple room .
go to the green room while always avoiding the purple room
avoid the green room until going to landmark 3 .
go to the third floor through the blue room .
go to landmark 3 while avoiding going through any other objects
go to the 2nd floor but avoid the yellow room .
avoid landmark 2 until after the yellow room
go to the yellow room while avoiding landmark 1
go to the blue room and then navigate to the red room .
navigate to the yellow room , always avoiding the blue room .
go to landmark 3 and avoid the green room
go to the first floor then go to the purple room
go to the red room without going to the purple room .
go to the red room before going to the orange room .
avoid the yellow room until you enter the orange room .
avoid the green room until you go to landmark 1 .
go to green room , but do not go to purple room .
go to the purple room without touching landmark one .
go to the orange room , then go to the yellow room .
go through landmark 2 before going to the orange room .
go directly to landmark 3 and do not leave the green room .
navigate to the green room but never go to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room without going to the green room
avoid the purple room on your way to the yellow room . once you get to the yellow room you can to the purple room .
go through landmark 2 to the blue room .
go to the yellow room and avoid the purple room .
go to or through landmark 1 avoiding going through landmark 3
go to the orange room and then navigate to the green room .
stay on the first floor and navigate to landmark 2 .
avoid the orange room until landmark 1 .
go to the green room and avoid landmark 1 .
avoid the red room until after you 've gone to the yellow room .
do n't go into the blue room until going to landmark 3
go to the orange room through the yellow room .
while always avoiding the yellow room , go to landmark 3 .
always avoid the yellow room to navigate to landmark 1 .
avoid the yellow room until you go to the third floor .
move to the blue room without leaving the second floor .
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the red room .
do n't go into the green room until going to landmark 2
proceed to the purple room but do n't leave the third floor .
go to landmark 2 after navigating to the third floor .
pass through landmark 3 before going to the first floor .
go to landmark 1 only through the 2nd floor
always avoid the yellow room while navigating to the third floor .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the orange room .
avoid the red room , navigate to the yellow room .
move to landmark 3 after moving to the third floor .
go to landmark 2 by only stepping in the red room .
always go through the orange room before going to landmark 2 .
go to 1st floor . then go directly to landmark 2
from the first floor , navigate to the second floor .
go to the blue room through the 2nd floor
avoid landmark 3 and go to the yellow room .
navigate to the red room through the orange room .
go to the orange room , then go to landmark 2 .
go to the second floor but never go to the yellow room .
go to the yellow room by first going through the green room .
go to or through the first floor always avoid going through the yellow room
always avoid the blue room while navigating to the first floor .
go to or through the 2nd floor always avoid going through the orange room
go to the second floor through the blue room .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark 1 .
go to the third floor always avoiding the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 and then go to the blue room .
always avoid going to landmark 3 through the green room
always avoid landmark 3 and go to the third floor .
move to landmark 2 and then proceed to the green room .
always avoid the yellow room to navigate to landmark 2 .
avoid landmark 1 and go to landmark 3. if you have reached landmark 3 then you can go to landmark 1 .
stay on the third floor and go to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 1 but always stay away from landmark 3 .
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the red room
move to the blue room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
always avoid going to landmark 3 through the orange room
go to the orange room/landmark 1 through landmark 3/green room
go to the first floor then go to the orange room
go to the red room and avoid the purple room .
go to the green room without going to landmark 2 .
avoid the green room until you go to the orange room .
go to landmark 1 without leaving yellow room .
proceed to the blue room without going to any other floors .
go to the second floor via the green room .
avoid the purple room until you enter the blue room .
always avoid the blue room , go to landmark 1 .
go to the first floor , then go to the yellow room .
go to red room and then to purple room
avoid the yellow room until navigating to the green room .
go to the red room while always avoiding the yellow room
remain on the third floor and move to the red room .
go to the green room and then navigate to the yellow room .
pass through the blue room on your way to the second floor .
stay in the red room and go to landmark 2
navigate to the red room but never go to the orange room .
avoid landmark 3 and go to landmark 1. if you reached landmark 1 then you can go to landmark 3 .
go to the purple room before going to the orange room .
go to landmark 3 before navigating to the first floor .
always avoid the orange room , go to the first floor .
go to the blue room while avoiding landmark 1
go to the green room , avoiding landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 while always avoiding the green room
go through the red room to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 3 then go to landmark 2 .
move to the first floor and then head to landmark 1 .
avoid the purple room on your way to the green room . once you get to the green room you can to the purple room .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark 2. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the blue room or stay on landmark 2 .
do not navigate away from the second floor and go to the red room .
go to landmark one , then down to the orange room .
move to the third floor , travelling through the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 without changing floors .
go to the red room , then proceed to landmark 2 .
always avoid the yellow room and go to the purple room .
navigate through landmark 1 and go to the purple room .
without leaving the second floor go to the orange room .
always go through the blue room to get to the purple room .
go to landmark 2 without changing floors .
move to the blue room avoiding landmark 1. if you got to the blue room then you can continue to landmark 1 .
stay in the blue room and go to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 through the red room .
go through the purple room to the orange room .
go to landmark 2 while always avoiding the orange room
always avoid going to landmark 1 through the orange room
go to the purple room through the third floor .
avoid landmark 1 until after the yellow room
go to the first floor avoiding landmark 3 .
move to the orange room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the yellow room . if you reached the first floor you can stay there , or head to the yellow room .
go from the blue room to the red room
always go to landmark 3 before navigating to the yellow room .
without leaving the orange room go to landmark 3 .
go from 1st floor to landmark 2 .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the blue room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the blue room .
always go through landmark 3 and then to the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 but do not enter the purple room first .
navigate to landmark 3 then continue to the blue room .
go to the second floor while always avoiding the yellow room .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the red room .
always avoid the purple room to navigate to landmark 3 .
stay on the third floor while going to the yellow room .
move to the yellow room and then move to landmark 2 .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the blue room .
avoid the orange room until you enter the purple room .
move to the blue room without leaving the third floor .
move to the orange room and then move to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 2 while always avoiding the blue room
go through the purple room and navigate to the third floor .
go to 1st floor . then go directly to landmark 2
move through landark 1 to landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 while always avoiding the yellow room .
stay away from the red room and go to landmark 1 .
avoid the blue room on your way to landmark 3 .
navigate to the yellow room always avoiding the orange room .
always avoid landmark 2 and go to the third floor .
go to the yellow room without touching landmark one .
go through the orange room , then make your way to landmark 1 .
go to a spot in the green room , but do n't touch landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room by first visiting landmark 1 .
go to the first floor but avoid the orange room .
go through the red room to landmark 2 .
go to the red room by touching the yellow room .
go directly to landmark 1 and do not leave the blue room .
go to the yellow room through the first floor .
first navigate to landmark 3 , then go to landmark 2 .
avoid the red room until you navigate to landmark 3 .
go to the purple room and go down to the 1st floor .
avoid the blue room and go to the third floor .
go to the 2nd floor avoiding the purple room . if you reached the second floor you can stay there , or head to the purple room .
go to the purple room through the yellow room .
without stepping outside of the green room , go to landmark 1 .
go to the second floor through the green room .
first navigate to the red room , then make your way to the purple room .
go directly to the purple room without changing floors .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the red room .
go to or through the purple room always avoid going to the purple room through landmark 3
navigate to the red room but never go to the yellow room .
go to the purple room only through the 1st floor
avoid the purple room until going to the third floor .
first go to landmark 1 , then go to the green room .
go to the green room and then navigate to the red room .
go to the red room , then go to the orange room .
go to a spot in the yellow room , but do n't touch landmark 2 .
go to the green room without ever leaving the first floor .
avoid landmark 2 and go to the yellow room .
move to the yellow room first then travel to landmark 2 .
navigate to landmark 3 then continue to the green room .
go to the green room by avoiding landmark 3 and then stay in the green room or continue to landmark 3
go to landmark 1 through the purple room
go to the second floor via the yellow room .
go to the 3rd floor but do not go to landmark 2 .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark 2 .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark 3 .
go to the blue room , then go to landmark 3 .
go to the red room and avoid the orange room .
go to the purple room , then go to the third floor .
go to the second floor after going to the third floor .
go through the purple room before going to the orange room .
avoid the orange room until reaching the third floor .
navigate to the green room always avoiding the red room .
remain on the third floor and navigate to the green room .
travel to the 1st floor and then go to landmark 2 .
go through the green room before going to the purple room .
go to landmark 1 through the 1st floor
go to landmark 3 after navigating to the third floor .
go to the red room without going to the yellow room . if you reached the red room , now you can go to the yellow room .
go to the orange room by avoiding landmark 3. if you reached the orange room , then you can proceed to landmark 3 .
go from 2nd floor to red room .
go through landmark 1 on your way to the second floor .
do directly to landmark 3 without leaving the blue room .
move to the red room and then the orange room .
move towards yellow room and then to second floor .
first move to landmark 3 then navigate to the blue room .
go to the purple room without going to another floor .
go to the yellow room and avoid the green room .
do n't leave the orange room and go to landmark 1 .
head to landmark 2 without changing floors .
go through the third floor to landmark 1 .
head to landmark 3 without changing floors .
do n't leave the red room and go to landmark 3 .
avoid landmark 2 until reaching the orange room .
visit the first floor then go to the second floor .
go to the third floor and then go to the purple room .
go to landmark 1 , then head to the third floor .
avoid the green room and travel to the orange room .
stay on the second floor and go to the orange room .
go to the purple room and avoid the orange room .
go to landmark 1 before going to the purple room .
go to the purple room without touching landmark one .
avoid the green room
avoid landmark 2 and move into the purple room .
move to the purple room then continue to the green room .
move to the orange room and then the yellow room .
go to landmark 1 and then go to the first floor .
pass through the yellow room before going to the first floor .
go to landmark 1 and remain within the green room .
go directly to landmark 1 and do not leave the orange room .
navigate to the yellow room then continue to landmark 2 .
avoid the red room until going to landmark 1 .
navigate to the second floor , avoiding landmark 1 .
go to the green room , then go to the orange room .
go to the first floor and then to landmark 1 .
move to anywhere on the second floor , then move to anywhere on the first floor .
always avoid the purple room and navigate to the first floor .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the purple room
avoid landmark 1 and move into the yellow room .
go to the blue room without going through the purple room .
go to 1st floor . then go directly to landmark 1
go to landmark 3 , avoid the red room until you have been to the landmark .
go to 1 st floor after 3rd floor
navigate to the orange room but never go to the green room .
always avoid landmark 1 and navigate to the blue room .
without stepping outside of the yellow room , go to landmark 1 .
go to the third floor . if you reached the third floor then you may go to the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 without leaving the orange room .
go to the 1st floor through the purple room
go to the green room but do not enter the purple room first .
proceed to the purple room by going through the blue room .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the yellow room or stay in the blue room .
go to landmark 3 after going to landmark 1 .
navigate to the first floor before going to landmark 3 .
go through the orange room before going to the yellow room .
go to the red room but do not enter the orange room first .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark 3
navigate to the orange room always avoiding the yellow room .
remain on the 1st floor and go directly to the red room .
avoid the green room and go to landmark 3
remain on the second floor and navigate to the purple room .
go to landmark 2 but do not enter the red room first .
head to the green room and then head to the second floor .
go to the first floor , then navigate to the yellow room .
move to anywhere on the third floor , then move to anywhere on the first floor .
go to landmark 2 without first passing through landmark 1 .
do n't leave the green room and go to landmark 1 .
go to the orange room through landmark 2 .
navigate to the orange room , always avoiding the blue room .
stay in the purple room and go to landmark 2
go to the purple room by first visiting landmark 3 .
go to landmark 1 through landmark 3 .
stay on the first floor and go to the blue room .
go up to the second floor without going to landmark 2 .
go to the green room and then go to the purple room .
go to landmark 1 then go to landmark 2 .
stay on the third floor and move to landmark 3 .
pass through the orange room before going to the third floor .
proceed to the orange room but do n't leave the first floor .
avoid landmark 3 until after the red room
go from the 1st floor to landmark 2
go to or through the third floor always avoid going through the orange room
avoid the red room on your way to landmark 2 .
go to the blue room and if you have reached the blue room you may proceed to the green room or stay in the blue room .
move to landmark 1 without entering the purple room . then you may stay at landmark 1 or go to the purple room .
go to the yellow room through the red room .
pass through the yellow room on your way to the second floor .
go to the third floor before you go to the first floor .
go to the red room by first visiting landmark 1 .
go through the green room before going to landmark 2
go through landmark 2 to the second floor .
go to landmark 1 via the first floor .
move to landmark 2 without entering the green room . then you may stay at landmark 2 or go to the green room .
go to landmark 1 without leaving purple room .
go to landmark 3 and avoid the red room .
navigate to the first floor via the blue room .
avoid the purple room until going to the orange room .
go to the third floor then go to the first floor .
avoid the yellow room until after navigating to the purple room .
go through the third floor to the yellow room .
go to landmark 1 while always avoiding the green room .
proceed to the yellow room by going through the orange room .
move to the first floor by going through the yellow room
always proceed to landmark one and then to the first floor .
go to the yellow room without going to the red room
go to landmark 2 through the purple room
avoid landmark 1 and go to landmark 3. if you reached landmark 3 then you can go to landmark 1 .
go to the second floor avoiding the green room . if you get to second floor you can then proceed to the green room
move to landmark 3 without entering the blue room . then you may stay at landmark 3 or go to the blue room .
from the third floor , navigate to the blue room .
go through the purple room before going to the second floor .
navigate through landmark 1 and go to the red room .
stay in the orange room and go to landmark 1
move to the first floor but go through landmark 2 first .
remain on the third floor while going to the yellow room .
first navigate to the orange room , then make your way to the purple room .
always avoid the red room to navigate to landmark 2 .
avoid the yellow room until going to the third floor .
go through the third floor and navigate to the blue room .
go to landmark 3 without leaving blue room .
go to the 1st floor through the purple room
go to the third floor then move to the yellow room .
go to the second floor through the purple room .
avoid the blue room and go to landmark 2
avoid the blue room and go to landmark 1
go to the blue room and then go to landmark 3 .
move to landmark 3 , but go through the purple room first .
go to the orange room while staying on the third floor .
go to landmark 2 while always avoiding the red room .
navigate to the second floor through the yellow room .
head to the purple room but first go to the first floor .
do not go into the purple room until going to landmark 1
go through the third floor to the first floor .
go from the 1st floor to landmark 3
always go through the yellow room to get to the green room .
go to the yellow room , then go to the orange room .
go to landmark 2 through the 1st floor
go to the yellow room , then go to the second floor .
go to the green room without going through the yellow room .
avoid the purple room until after you 've gone to the blue room .
navigate to the blue room staying on the first floor .
go through the blue room first , then go to the purple room .
go to or through the orange room always avoid going to the orange room through landmark 1
go from the third floor to landmark 1 .
avoid the red room until you go to landmark 1 .
go to the purple room through landmark 2
always navigate to orange room and then proceed to second floor .
first go to to landmark 1 then go to the green room .
move to the blue room and then move to landmark 3 .
go to the first floor and then to landmark 3 .
go to the yellow room through the first floor
always go to landmark 3 before landmark 1 .
avoid landmark 3 until going to landmark 1 .
always navigate to blue room and then proceed to second floor .
travel to the 1st floor and then go to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 2 and always avoid the blue room
without leaving the third floor go to the purple room .
visit the blue room and then move to the third floor .
avoid landmark 3 while traveling to landmark 1. once there , you may travel to landmark 3 .
go to the orange room avoiding landmark 3. if you reached the orange room then you may go to landmark 3 .
go up to the third floor without going to landmark 2 .
avoid the yellow room until after going to the first floor .
go to landmark one , then down to the blue room .
always avoid going to landmark 2 through the orange room
go to landmark 3 before going to the green room .
move to the second floor by going through the purple room
go from the 3rd floor to the 1st floor
move to the purple room without changing floors .
go to landmark 1 without changing floors .
avoid the yellow room and navigate to the purple room .
go through the yellow room to the red room .
navigate to the second floor always avoiding the red room .
navigate to landmark 3 through the purple room .
go to green room and then to orange room
go to landmark 2 through landmark 1
go to landmark 3 avoiding the green room . then go to the green room or stay on landmark 3 .
always avoid going to landmark 2 through the blue room
move to the third floor , travelling through landmark 3 .
first navigate to the green room , then make your way to the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 and then go to the second floor .
go through the blue room before going to landmark 1
navigate to landmark 2 , always avoiding landmark 1 .
move to landmark 2 , but go through the purple room first .
go to the green room but do not enter the yellow room first .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the yellow room .
go to green room and then to yellow room
head to the orange room and then head to the first floor .
go to landmark 2 through landmark 1 .
go to purple room , but do not go to yellow room .
go to landmark 2 by going through landmark 1
go to the yellow room while always avoiding the green room
go from the second floor to the green room
go to landmark 1 by only stepping in the purple room .
always go to landmark 3 before navigating to the purple room .
go through the red room first , then go to the yellow room .
go to the green room through the first floor .
move to the blue room then continue to the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 without changing floors
avoid the orange room until reaching landmark 1 .
go to the purple room and then go to the red room .
go to landmark 1 while avoiding going through any other objects
go to the second floor but never go to the purple room .
avoid landmark 1 until you go to the yellow room .
navigate to the yellow room by passing through the second floor .
avoid landmark 1 and go to the orange room .
go to landmark 1 and then to landmark 3
go to the blue room , then go to the green room .
avoid the purple room on your way to the blue room . once you get to the blue room you can to the purple room .
go to landmark 1 and then go to the purple room .
go to landmark 2 while always avoiding the purple room
go from the 2nd floor to the green room
go to green room , but do not go to blue room .
go to landmark 1 and avoid the orange room .
avoid landmark 3 and go to the third floor .
avoid landmark 1 until navigating to landmark 2 .
navigate to the purple room , always avoiding the yellow room .
go to landmark 2 without leaving the yellow room .
go from 2nd floor to green room .
head to the yellow room and then head to the first floor .
navigate from the first floor to the green room .
navigate from the second floor to the red room .
go to the red room without ever leaving the first floor .
always avoid the purple room , go to the third floor .
avoid the red room until you go to landmark 3 .
go from the blue room to the green room
navigate through landmark 3 and go to the purple room .
do not go into the purple room until going to landmark 2
go to the orange room and avoid landmark 2 .
go to the orange room without touching landmark 3 .
go to the purple room while always avoiding the green room
go to the second floor while always avoiding the purple room .
go to landmark 3 by only navigating within the green room .
travel through the orange room then go to the purple room .
move to the purple room then continue to the orange room .
avoid the blue room
avoid landmark 3 until you go to the purple room .
avoid the first floor and the third floor and go to landmark 2 .
move to the blue room first then travel to landmark 1 .
move towards red room and then to second floor .
navigate to the purple room through the orange room .
go to the second floor by first going to the first floor .
go to first floor and then to landmark 1
go to landmark 1 but do not enter the purple room first .
avoid the purple room until navigating to the blue room .
go to the blue room and go down to the 1st floor .
go to the purple room through the orange room .
go to the purple room through the 2nd floor
go through landmark 1 and navigate to the purple room .
navigate to the third floor , and then navigate to the second floor .
go to or through the 2nd floor while avoiding going through the purple room
remain on the third floor while going to the green room .
go to the red room and avoid the yellow room .
go to the blue room before you go to landmark 3 .
stay in the green room and go to landmark 2 .
from the third floor , navigate to the green room .
always avoid going to landmark 3 through the blue room
always avoid the purple room while navigating to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 3 through the blue room .
while always avoiding the orange room , go to landmark 3 .
go to the green room and then go to landmark 1 .
go to the red room through the third floor
go to landmark 2 and then go to the green room .
go to the yellow room through the 2nd floor
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the orange room
avoid the yellow room until you go to the blue room .
avoid the green room and go to landmark 2. if you reached the green room , you can now go to the green room or stay on landmark 2 .
stay on the third floor and go to the orange room .
go from the third floor to the green room .
go to the orange room/landmark 2 through landmark 1/green room
avoid the orange room until after going to the first floor .
avoid the orange room on your way to landmark 2 .
always go through the blue room before going to landmark 2 .
avoid the red room until you go to the green room .
go to the purple room , then go to the green room .
avoid the orange room until after going to the third floor .
avoid the green room on your way to the red room . once you get to the red room you can to the green room .
go to the orange room while avoiding the green room and if you have reached the orange room then you can go to the green room .
avoid landmark 2 and go to the red room .
go to the red room , avoiding landmark 2 .
avoid the orange room before you navigate to the second floor .
do directly to landmark 3 without leaving the orange room .
avoid the green room until reaching the third floor .
go to the red room and then go to landmark 2 .
go through the blue room to the purple room .
always navigate to blue room and then proceed to first floor .
avoid the first and third floor and go to landmark 1 .
go to the purple room through landmark 2 .
go to the yellow room by avoiding landmark 1. if you reached the yellow room , then you can proceed to landmark 1 .
without leaving the green room go to landmark 1 .
always proceed to landmark one and then to the third floor .
move to the red room first then travel to landmark 2 .
do not go into the orange room until going to landmark 1
navigate to the blue room then continue to landmark 3 .
without leaving the blue room go to landmark 2 .
avoid the green room until going to the third floor .
always go through the blue room to get to the orange room .
go through landmark 3 and navigate to the purple room .
start on the 3rd floor , go directly to the 1st floor .
go to the yellow room without ever leaving the third floor .
go to the second floor but avoid the orange room .
go to the 2nd floor while always avoiding the orange room
remain on the third floor and move to the blue room .
go through the red room before going to the yellow room .
first go to the green room and then go to landmark 3 .
while always avoiding the orange room , go to landmark 1 .
go to the third floor while always avoiding the red room .
go to the green room without touching landmark one .
avoid the landmark 3 and go to the second floor .
go to the first floor before you navigate to landmark 2 .
go from the orange room to the yellow room
go to the red room by avoiding landmark 3. if you reached the red room , then you can proceed to landmark 3 .
navigate to the green room , always avoiding the yellow room .
go to landmark 3 then go to the yellow room .
go to the third floor then go to the red room
stay in the orange room and go to landmark 3 and stop
avoid landmark 3 until navigating to the yellow room .
move to landmark 2 and then proceed to the blue room .
go to landmark 3 and then go to the green room .
always avoid the green room to navigate to landmark 1 .
go through the green room before going to landmark 2
first go to landmark 2 , then go to the green room .
go to the red room while always avoiding the blue room
go to the second floor but avoid landmark 3 .
go to the third floor through the red room .
avoid the yellow room and go to landmark 2
go to a spot in the blue room , but do n't touch landmark 3 .
avoid the blue room and navigate to the red room .
navigate to landmark 2 then continue to the green room .
avoid landmark 2 until you go to the orange room .
go to a spot in the yellow room , but do n't touch landmark 1 .
avoid the green room until you navigate to the second floor .
go through landmark 3 before going to the purple room .
move to landmark 3 without entering the purple room . then you may stay at landmark 3 or go to the purple room .
go to the 2nd floor , then go to the red room
always go through the purple room to get to the red room .
advance to landmark 3 but always avoid the purple room .
go to the orange room while avoiding the red room and if you have reached the orange room then you can go to the red room .
always avoid the yellow room and go to the red room .
navigate to the blue room then continue to landmark 1 .
advance to landmark 2 but always avoid the yellow room .
navigate to the purple room but never go to the orange room .
go through the red room to the second floor .
navigate through landmark 3 then go to landmark 1 .
navigate to the third floor and avoid landmark 3 .
go to the red room while avoiding the orange room and if you have reached the red room then you can go to the orange room .
always go through the green room to get to the orange room .
go to the blue room avoiding the green room . only if you reached the blue room then you may proceed to the green room .
go to landmark 3 through the blue room
go to the orange room while always avoiding the red room
go to the green room and if you have reached the green room you may proceed to the orange room or stay in the green room .
go to the red room avoiding landmark 2. if you reached the red room then you may go to landmark 2 .
move to the blue room and then the orange room .
head to landmark 3 after going to the purple room .
go to the purple room through the first floor .
navigate to landmark 1 then continue to the yellow room .
while always avoiding the blue room , go to landmark 1 .
visit the orange room and then move to the third floor .
go from the 2nd floor to the purple room
go to the yellow room through the orange room
go to the orange room without going to the red room
go from the red room to the orange room
move to the purple room but ensure to go to the 2nd floor first .
go to the orange room before you go to landmark 1 .
go to landmark 1 by only stepping in the green room .
go to the yellow room avoiding landmark 1 .
go to the third floor , then go to the orange room .
avoid the orange room and go to landmark 2
go to the third floor always avoiding the red room .
go through the green room to the purple room .
go to the yellow room through the third floor
first go to to landmark 2 then go to the blue room .
move to the yellow room without leaving the second floor .
avoid landmark 1 until navigating to the purple room .
move to landmark 1 and then proceed to the blue room .
head to the purple room but first go to the third floor .
